<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter</title>
    <link href="../Styles/fonts.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
    <link href="../Styles/main.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
<body>
<h2 class="head">Preface: If Not Heading Towards Success, Then Heading Towards Destruction</h2>
<p>In the past few months, I have experienced the pain bestowed by life, struggling within it both in body and mind.</p>
<p>Life is like a balance scale; on one end is "reality," and on the other is "the inner heart." For me, the "reality" end became increasingly heavy, causing the scale to lose its balance, which gave birth to pain.</p>
<p>People often travel a road for so long that they become lost in the scenery along the way, frequently forgetting the original reason they set out.</p>
<p>That is exactly what happened; amidst the pain, I felt waves of confusion.</p>
<p>From the completion of my previous book until now, during this period of rest, I have been striving to find my direction, to search for the reason I originally set out.</p>
<p>That was about five or six years ago. At that time, I had already been reading novels for quite a while.</p>
<p><i>Piaomiao Zhilv (Misty Journey)</i> was the first, followed by <i>Xiedu (Blasphemy)</i>, <i>Zhu Xian (Jade Dynasty)</i>, <i>Kuang Shen (Mad God)</i>, <i>Yu Shou Zhai (Beast Taming Studio)</i>, <i>Shou Xue Fei Teng (Boiling Beast Blood)</i>, <i>Shu Shan (Swords of Legends)</i>, <i>Wei Wo Du Xian (Only I am an Immortal)</i>, and so on.</p>
<p>I read a great many novels, yet a sense of frustration accumulated in my heart. This was all because the protagonists I saw were mostly blessed with boundless luck, open and upright, and possessed noble moral characters. In contrast, the villains were mostly stupid, crazed, and ugly. They had resounding titles, but they were all paper tigers—looking glamorous and majestic, but withering the moment they encountered the protagonist.</p>
<p>Thus, I began to think that I wanted to see a true great villain.</p>
<p>This villain would be an independent maverick, aloof and dark, decisive in killing, and never go soft. He would never conceal his own evil, and possess absolutely no hypocritical kindness.</p>
<p>His image would immediately appear incredibly evil, radiating a demonic aura, permeated with killing intent. The thing he excelled at most would be trampling on rules and slaughtering the righteous sects.</p>
<p>He would stand entirely alone, making an enemy of the whole world, spreading terror among all living beings. He would be the grandmaster of the demonic path—sometimes arrogant and domineering, sometimes sinister and cunning, sometimes cold and ruthless. Standing proudly at the apex, looking down on the world with evil contempt, all the brave heroes who challenged him would face a miserable end.</p>
<p>His methods would be cruel, perhaps even playing with Gu worms. In short, one glance and you would know he was nothing good.</p>
<p>So, what would his name be... Super Demon King? Old Demon of Black Mountain? Green Robed Ancestor?</p>
<p>No, no, no.</p>
<p>After some thought, why not just call him "Gu Zhen Ren" (Gu Daoist Master).</p>
<p>It just so happened that I needed to create an account on Qidian at the time. OK, and so this ID was born.</p>
<p>Many TV dramas often play out like this: The great villain defeats the protagonist, leaving only the final fatal strike. Then, the great villain starts blabbering endlessly, while the protagonist secretly accumulates power for a final struggle. Every time, they manage to turn the tables and win a complete victory.</p>
<p>If the situation is reversed and the villain is at a disadvantage, it goes like this: Usually, after the protagonist unleashes their power, the villain is defeated and collapses to the ground. Facing the protagonist's sword, the villain suddenly weeps bitterly, swearing to turn over a new leaf. The protagonist, being "merciful and kind," hesitates. At this moment, the villain launches a desperate counterattack, which fails. The protagonist, "observant and seeing through everything," thoroughly suppresses the villain. At the same time, their heart hardens, they shout "Despicable, shameless, lowlife!" and ultimately slay the villain.</p>
<p>There are also villains who, every time they kidnap the protagonist's friends and relatives, almost never succeed in their blackmail. Even with a massive advantage, due to various uncontrollable factors, they are inexplicably defeated by the protagonist.</p>
<p>It seems it was six years ago that I created the ID "Gu Zhen Ren," holding a wish in my heart to witness a truly evil great villain. He would have his own way of doing things, be unaccepted by the world, roam unhindered, and disdain explaining himself. He would be decisive in killing, never be trapped by love, and absolutely never go soft when seeing a beautiful woman.</p>
<p>His fierce reputation would make the four seas tremble, making people pale at the mere mention of his name.</p>
<p>Those who understood him would admire him, revere him, and love him. Those who hated him would gnash their teeth, employing all kinds of methods, only to make him grow stronger and stronger.</p>
<p>He would walk his own path, wrapped in loneliness, his cold eyes able to see through all hypocrisy.</p>
<p>Toward criticism and rejection, he would sneer in disdain. Toward exaggerated flattery, he would respond with a silent, cold smile.</p>
<p>He could endure loneliness, and even enjoy loneliness.</p>
<p>If he is not heading towards success, then he is heading towards destruction.</p>
<p>He is a warrior, walking alone on a pilgrimage in the darkness, overcoming all obstacles along the way. No matter what it is, nothing can stop him. If gods block him, he will slay gods; if Buddhas block him, he will slay Buddhas!</p>
<p>This dream was always deeply buried in my heart. Over these years of writing books, there were several times I thought about putting pen to paper, but ultimately, it didn't happen.</p>
<p>I was somewhat afraid, feeling that my writing skills were not yet up to par.</p>
<p>Just like that, so many years passed. Having experienced certain things, compared to when I first started writing, many things and people have changed.</p>
<p>The past was somewhat unbearable to look back on, and this dream was hidden in the dust of time, gradually forgotten by me. Even if I occasionally thought of it, I felt I was inadequately prepared, still lacking the ability to write such a satisfying story.</p>
<p>But these past few days, I stopped my continuously advancing footsteps. Looking back, I suddenly understood a truth—life is not like stir-frying a dish. When cooking, usually all the oil, salt, soy sauce, and vinegar are prepared in advance, and only then does the cooking begin.</p>
<p>Life has no preparations. Even if "everything is ready," isn't there still an Eastern Wind missing?</p>
<p>Life is always rushed. Many things suddenly happen with very little preparation, or even no preparation at all.</p>
<p>Fate is fickle and impermanent; no one can predict what will happen tomorrow.</p>
<p>Thus, I made a decision. Against the backdrop of the prophesied 2012 apocalypse approaching, I would write a new book.</p>
<p>This book would be called <i>Gu Zhen Ren</i> (Reverend Insanity).</p>
<p>There is no other book title more fitting than this.</p>
<p>This is the cause from six years ago, bearing fruit in the present.</p>
<p>An eponymous novel—there is no other meaning here. It is not out of narcissism or arrogance; it is purely an expression of fulfilling a dream.</p>
<p>I want to realize that original dream; I want to reclaim that past emotion.</p>
<p>Therefore, this book will be vastly different from other books, and its style will also wildly differ from my previous works.</p>
<p>Because the protagonist of this book is a great villain, someone who will resort to any means to achieve his goals and never rest until he does. Super evil! While the villains in this book are mostly the "great, glorious, and correct" young heroes and geniuses, or the righteous sects of prestige and honor.</p>
<p>This book will feature plots like this: The protagonist defeats the "great, glorious, and correct," absolutely doesn't blabber, and directly extinguishes the opponent's attempt to turn the tables with a single slash. He will also kidnap the relatives and friends of the "great, glorious, and correct," forcefully forcing them to retreat.</p>
<p>And he will absolutely not go soft, no matter what kind of existence it is, as long as they are hostile. Even if he is immensely powerful, he will fight him; even if she is incredibly beautiful, he will slaughter her without fail.</p>
<p>That's right, this book will kill women, and specifically kill beautiful women—slaughtering them ruthlessly.</p>
<p>Those who see a beauty and have all three of their legs go soft, or have hearts popping out of their eyes, or look forward to romantic encounters—none of that will be presented in this book.</p>
<p>I know this will disappoint many people, but please understand—those who abandon their stance the moment they see a beauty, do they still have the demeanor of a peerless demonic overlord, a great boss of the demonic path?</p>
<p>That is a love-struck fool.</p>
<p>In this book, I want to write the madness of the great villain boss, his rebellion, his ruthlessness, his recklessness, his unbridled actions.</p>
<p>Undoubtedly, this is a book that will attract controversy. In the eyes of the Longkong community, this is called "incorrect Three Fundamental Views."</p>
<p>Yes, here I frankly admit, this is a book with incorrect Three Fundamental Views.</p>
<p>Reading, after all, is a hobby for enjoyment.</p>
<p>This book is very evil, read with caution.</p>
<p>Those who want to read are naturally welcome.</p>
<p>For those who cannot read on, who feel unhappy, who feel their outlook on life, values, and morals have been trampled upon, I respectfully bid you farewell!</p>
<p>Reading is just for fun. If you're truly unhappy, not enjoying the read, then just don't read it, change to another book. Qidian has a ton of good books, and during the process of writing, I will also recommend one or two to everyone.</p>
<p>The above is the preface of this book, and also a declaration.</p>
</body>
</html>