<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 198: Ruthless in murdering people, cruelty exercised to profit from disaster</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 198: Ruthless in murdering people, cruelty exercised to profit from disaster</h1>
        
        <p>"Fang Yuan, what are you doing?"</p> 
<p>"Quickly stop, the enemy is before us, how can we fight among ourselves?"</p> 
<p>"Stop now, otherwise... urgh!"</p> 
<p>Everyone was shocked. Fang Yuan was ruthless, killing another clansmen.</p> 
<p>"I am only killing Gu Yue clan people, outsiders fuck off! Otherwise I'll kill you as well!" Fang Yuan screamed.</p> 
<p>Everyone was stunned, retreating steps away, not expecting Fang Yuan to be so insane.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan has lost it!"</p> 
<p>"He's lost his logic, attack together!"</p> 
<p>"Indeed, if this goes on, even before the first ancestor defeats the enemy, we'd have been slaughtered by Fang Yuan already...."</p> 
<p>It was like Fang Yuan stabbed a beehive, causing everyone to stir, but no one dared to attack; most could only shout and encourage others to fight.</p> 
<p>"Hahaha, interesting!" Bai Ning Bing laughed loudly, suddenly attacking and killing someone beside him.</p> 
<p>"Lord Bai Ning Bing, you!" The dying person was a Bai clansmen.</p> 
<p>"Oh no, Lord Bai Ning Bing lost it too!" Everyone shouted.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's gaze concentrated, looking at Bai Ning Bing, not expecting him to change so drastically.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing laughed maniacally, "Since you can kill your own clansmen, I can't lose to you. Sigh, since too many deaths have occurred, Bai clan's future is ruined already, we can no longer be a village. The clan leader I'm indebted to is dead too, I might as well kill them now, and enjoy the fun."</p> 
<p>"Hehehe, that's great," Fang Yuan laughed heartily, his body moving quickly, starting his slaughter.</p> 
<p>Since these clansmen were going to die anyway, they might as well die at Fang Yuan's hands, contributing to his aptitude growth instead of First gen Gu Yue.</p> 
<p>These people in the blood barrier, how could they be a match for Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing together? Especially when Bai Ning Bing who was nearing death, was much stronger and killed even more people than Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan took the last hit and extracted their blood.</p> 
<p>After killing a hundred people, the Blood Skull Gu reached its limit, and the crystal skull started to turn blood red.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed heartily, activating the Blood Skull Gu, raising it over his head.</p> 
<p>The teeth opened, shooting out a fragrant blood stream, drenching Fang Yuan from head to toe.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan enjoyed the discomfort and breathed in deeply, living in the moment.</p> 
<p>His black robe and hair together with his bloodbathed body, made him look like a demon straight out of hell. The surrounding people upon seeing him, were all scared and cried out in fear.</p> 
<p>"My aptitude really increased!" Fang Yuan's aptitude was only 44% C grade originally, but after the Man-beast Life Burial Gu, it dropped to 43%. Right now, standing under the blood stream as it gushed into his aperture, his aptitude rose by 10%, going to 53%.</p> 
<p>"Indeed a great treasure, no wonder First gen Gu Yue treated it like his life!" Fang Yuan opened his eyes, nodding in satisfaction, starting another round of slaughter.</p> 
<p>The two caused much bloodshed within the blood barrier.</p> 
<p>This was a large slaughterhouse.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, you mad and crazy monster!" Gu Yue Mo Yan rushed up.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan dodged her attack and raised his Chainsaw Golden Centipede before throwing it down.</p> 
<p>The young girl was split in half.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, let us go please, we're your uncle and aunt!" Gu Yue Dong Tu and his wife kneeled down and begged.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed coldly, his left hand waving, and a blood colored moonblade shot out, beheading the two.</p> 
<p>Blood Skull Gu absorbed the Gu Yue clansmen' blood, turning into a thick blood stream, pouring into Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"What a pleasure..." Fang Yuan closed his eyes, breathing in deeply, only to feel a warm feeling travelling through his body and causing his mind to become sharper, like he had been reborn.</p> 
<p>Aptitude rose again, becoming 63%!</p> 
<p>A Gu Master's aptitude, 40-59% was C grade, 60-79% was B grade, and 80% and above was A grade.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had officially left C grade and become a B grade talent!</p> 
<p>"But, my cultivation dropped..." Fang Yuan opened his eyes, staring intently.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's aptitude rose to B grade, but his cultivation dropped from Rank three to Rank two.</p> 
<p>Strange!</p> 
<p>First gen Gu Yue evidently retained his cultivation level as his aptitude rose, so why was it that when it came to Fang Yuan, such a thing happened?</p> 
<p>"This problem should be due to the Stone Aperture Gu!" Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had used the Stone Aperture Gu to squeeze out all his potential, causing his cultivation to rise to Rank three peak stage. But this Blood Skull Gu injected the quality blood stream into him, raising the aperture's potential and raising his aptitude.</p> 
<p>Undeniably, these two Gu clashed in nature.</p> 
<p>But Blood Skull Gu was Rank four, while Stone Aperture Gu was Rank three. The Blood Skull Gu ruled over the Stone Aperture Gu, causing Fang Yuan's aperture to turn from stone back to light. However, the cultivation increase that the stone aperture brought was also disappearing, and even reducing his cultivation in the process.</p> 
<p>This change was something Fang Yuan did not expect in such a short time.</p> 
<p>But Bai Ning Bing was getting stronger, he killed everywhere he went. Thus, Fang Yuan was able to keep his strength and stop attacking, only collecting the bloodline.</p> 
<p>First gen Gu Yue who was outside the blood barrier, saw the people getting slaughtered and flew into a rage, screaming but to no avail.</p> 
<p>He spread his bloodline, waiting for hundreds of years. It was all for this moment, killing his descendants to raise his aptitude. After planning for so long, in the end, someone else benefited from it.</p> 
<p>"This lad, so young yet so ruthless, even more demonic than his ancestor!" Lord Sky Crane seeing this, was slightly shocked too.</p> 
<p>The slaughter continued, until six hours later.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's cultivation dropped to Rank one initial stage, but his aperture returned to being a light wall, able to recover primeval essence on his own.</p> 
<p>He was bathed in blood over ten times, and towards the last few times, the effect weakened. The first few raised his aptitude by 10%, but the percentage continued to drop with each try.</p> 
<p>But his aptitude had increased from the C grade 43% to over 90%.</p> 
<p>90%, A grade aptitude!</p> 
<p>A grade aptitude!!</p> 
<p>"Five hundred years of my previous life, I only manage to raise my aptitude from C to B about 200 years later through pure luck. To think that this time, I can benefit from a disaster and rise to A grade." Fang Yuan clenched his fist, secretly excited.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing stopped his killing, walking over, "Next, what do we do?"</p> 
<p>In the blood barrier, only the two of them were left. The others, whether it was Gu Master or mortal, were all killed.</p> 
<p>Outside the blood barrier, no one was spared from the aftermath of the two Rank five experts' battle.</p> 
<p>In the entire area, there was only the two inside the barrier, and the two outside.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan looked outside, saying casually, "Next, we wait for First gen Gu Yue to run into defeat, and the Blood Curtain Skyflower to vanish."</p> 
<p>"And then?" Bai Ning Bing pursued.</p> 
<p>"Then?" Fang Yuan turned around and looked at Bai Ning Bing, then he smiled, "Then you can go and die."</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing was stunned.</p> 
<p>"Oh? What do you mean?" Immediately, his eyes squinted into a line as his blue irises had a dangerous killing intent.</p> 
<p>"The Northern Dark Ice Soul physique's self detonation is extremely strong. Even though your cultivation is weak, and the chances are not high, it should be able to hurt Rank five experts. After detonating, are you able to control the direction of the snow and frost?" Fang Yuan laughed.</p> 
<p>"How would I know?" Bai Ning Bing's lips twitched. "I've never self detonated before!"</p> 
<p>"I know you can!" Fang Yuan laughed heartily, patting his chest. Unknowingly, the image of Bai Ning Bing self-detonating previously appeared in his mind.</p> 
<p>And that line—"Live for me, and witness the brilliance of this world!"</p> 
<p>"I will stay by your side. After you detonate, and when the time is ripe, I will save your life and cause you to resurrect," Fang Yuan continued.</p> 
<p>"What if you can't?"</p> 
<p>"Hehehe." Fang Yuan laughed plainly, "Then you need to bet. When you detonate, I will be by your side. If you suspect my sincerity, you can send the ice storm to kill me. You must've noticed already. That's right, my cultivation is already Rank one initial stage. By then, I will have no way to survive."</p> 
<p>"But if you believe me, then I could be lying too. Eventually I will not resurrect you, because I have no way to do so. Thus, you need to gamble—whatever choice you make, not just what you are thinking, but also what you are considering in the moment before you die."</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing was solemn.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's words was telling him to gamble away. But actually, wasn't Fang Yuan betting too? He was using his own life as the wager, fully dependant on Bai Ning Bing's thoughts.</p> 
<p>"Hehe. So exciting. So very exciting! Then I shall bet on it, haha!" A moment later, Bai Ning Bing raised his head, laughing loudly.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not care about him, but concentrated on the battle outside the blood barrier.</p> 
<p>As expected, First gen Gu Yue had the lower hand, suppressed by Lord Sky Crane.</p> 
<p>Although he replenished his primeval essence, he could not replenish it, so under a sustained battle, how could he compete with Lord Sky Crane?</p> 
<p>Moreover, Lord Sky Crane was clear of his methods, and he would not allow First gen Gu Yue to take back any advantage.</p> 
<p>"I AM SO FUCKING FURIOUS!" A moment later, First gen Gu Yue cried out, "Little thief, you destroyed my thousand year plan, I will spare you today. Someday, I will kill the hell out of you to appease my anger!"</p> 
<p>Throwing this angry statement, First gen Gu Yue flapped his wings and escaped the battlefield, flying towards the skies.</p> 
<p>"Don't think of leaving!" Lord Sky Crane quickly turned into a flash of light, chasing relentlessly.</p> 
<p>Without their intense battle, this battlefield became quiet instantly.</p> 
<p>This was originally the best time to leave, but the blood veil aurora became a huge obstacle.</p> 
<p>Four hours later, the blood barrier was thinning, and was about to vanish.</p> 
<p>But at this time, a white light flew over, turning into the Lord Sky Crane.</p> 
<p>His body was full of injuries. A wound stretched from his left shoulder to his waist, so deep that his bones could be seen, overflowing with purple poisonous red blood. But his face was extremely uplifted, showing the happiness of getting his long awaited revenge.</p> 
<p>His right hand held a skull, a blood covered face, it was First gen Gu Yue!</p> 
<p>"He actually managed to kill First gen Gu Yue?" Bai Ning Bing showed astonishment.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed instead, "It seems this old fellow hates First gen Gu Yue to the core. Hehe, to kill the First gen, he definitely paid a huge price.</p> 
<p>While they were speaking, the blood barrier vanished, and there were no longer any obstacles between the two.</p> 
<p>"Little thief, quickly hand over the two Gu worms. I am still in a good mood now, I might spare your lives. Otherwise, when the blood barrier vanishes, you will all die without a resting place!" Lord Sky Crane flew into the sky, looking down and laughing loudly.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing looked at each other before laughing lightly, not speaking.</p> 
<p>"Lord Sky Crane flew into a rage. "Good lad, refusing a toast only to drink a forfeit, you deserve to get killed!"</p> 
<p>Before he finished his words, he turned into a white light and assaulted.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing laughed grandly, taking a huge step in front, "I was waiting for you!"</p> 
<p>Saying so, his body lost all color, turning into an ice statue.</p> 
<p>Cold winds blew, and as winds turned into a hurricane, frost and ice covered the sky and the infinite ice river appeared.</p> 
<p>"This is!" Lord Sky Crane did not expect it in the least that such a development would occur, causing him to be unprepared against Bai Ning Bing's attack, and was sealed into the ice.</p>
    </body>
</html>
