<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 94: Suddenly withdrawing strength</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 94: Suddenly withdrawing strength</h1>
        
        <p>"Found the sickly snake group in front, they are currently contesting with a large-sized wild beast." Only half a second later, Chi She said again, this time more specific.</p> 
<p>"What's the situation?" Chi Shan frowned.</p> 
<p>"There's no mistake," Chi She's snake tongue continued to stretch and shrink, "Jiao San's red lava python is the only one in the entire village, and now they are fighting against… wild boar king!"</p> 
<p>Everyone's expression changed.</p> 
<p>"Wild boar king… If I want to combine Gu worms, I require the wild boar's tusks. Undoubtedly, the wild boar king's tusks are the most suitable." Fang Yuan's heart stirred, and in actuality he had the intention to kill the wild boar king from the start.</p> 
<p>"That wild boar king?" Watery blue hair female Gu Master raised her brows.</p> 
<p>"Other than that one, there is no other in the vicinity. But relying on just the strength of the sickly snake group to reap the wild boar king, their appetite is too big." The old Gu Master sneered in disdain.</p> 
<p>If Old man Wang could grasp the terrain of the mountain himself, these Rank two Gu Masters who were always roaming around on Qing Mao mountain would obviously be more familiar with it. Not eliminating the wild boar king before this, they had their reasons.</p> 
<p>Chi Shan pondered, then said, "Go support them."</p> 
<p>"Hehe, I'm afraid they might not reciprocate." The old Gu Master laughed coldly.</p> 
<p>"Even if we do not go and support them, we still have to send someone over, right!" Chi Cheng looked at Fang Yuan, saying in an unhappy tone.</p> 
<p>The team's direction steered towards the left.</p> 
<p>Although Chi Shan and the rest always looked down and did not like Gu Yue Jiao San, but as clansmen, towards outside foes, even if they had amnesty normally, they would group up and work together.</p> 
<p>This is the cohesiveness of a clan in this world.</p> 
<p>And especially relying on this cohesiveness could a hundred year old clan sustain itself without dying out, even becoming a thousand year old clan.</p> 
<p>Everyone moved through the jungle in the darkness, heading towards a low-lying land.</p> 
<p>Sickly snake group's four Gu Masters were surrounding the wild boar king, engaging in fierce combat.</p> 
<p>In the center, the elephant-like wild boar king was fighting with a thin and long red-coloured python.</p> 
<p>This red giant python had dark red rock pieces all over its body, the temperature very high. It was like a thick chain coiling around the wild boar king.</p> 
<p>The wild boar king cried out angrily, constantly rolling on the ground, its snow white tusks piercing the darkness and drawing cold light in the air.</p> 
<p>Its body was full of big and small injuries, its tail already broken. While flipping around, it revealed its fresh red injuries, stuck to the red lava python's body and scalded by the high temperature.</p> 
<p>The Chi Shan group did not get closer, but observed from a distance.</p> 
<p>Taking a few looks, the old Gu Master was enlightened, "I say, how did the sickly snake have this courage. Looks like the wild boar king was actually injured already, tsk, he sure picked up the cheap goods, this scoundrel got lucky.</p> 
<p>"Do you guys think that this wild boar king's body would have the Black Boar Gu?" Chi Cheng excitedly said with glowing eyes.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's expression was unchanged as he watched silently.</p> 
<p>At this time, Jiao San and his gang also realised the situation of being watched, and immediately the support Gu Master Gu Yue Kong Jing who was the furthest away from the wild boar king left the battlefield and ran over.</p> 
<p>"Oh, it is Lord Chi Shan. There's no problems here now, we can handle it. There are many wild beast groups in front, they need your support." Kong Jing said to the people.</p> 
<p>"Hmph, what do you mean you can handle it? You're clearly lying through your teeth, I can see that this python isn't going to hang in there much longer." The old Gu Master's experienced gaze revealed the situation at once.</p> 
<p>"You're just afraid of us wanting to split the rewards after helping," the watery blue long-haired female Gu Master immediately pointed out Jiao San and his gang's intention.</p> 
<p>"This wild boar king is yours," Chi Shan said, looking at the old Gu Master.</p> 
<p>The old Gu Master snorted, but he still bent down, vomiting out a piece of white sticky spider web.</p> 
<p>The spider web expanded in the air and spread out, enveloping the wild boar king.</p> 
<p>The wild boar king struggled intensely in the web, breaking threads after threads, but it could not get free quickly.</p> 
<p>During this period, sickly snake Jiao San quickly got the red lava python to retreat. After that, together with the healing female Gu Master in the group, they underwent emergency battle healing on the python.</p> 
<p>In the fierce battle earlier, the red lava python's rock body already had some cracks. Through the healing, the cracks mended, shrinking until they disappeared.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, you should go back. You still want to depend on our group?" Chi Cheng said in annoyance.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan took a step out and walked out from behind Chi Shan.</p> 
<p>Gu Yue Kong Jing was blocked by Chi Shan's huge body earlier and did not see him. At the moment when he saw Fang Yuan, his expression turned weird.</p> 
<p>Jiao San turned his head around and upon seeing Fang Yuan, was overjoyed at once, "Fang Yuan, you're finally here! Quick, the spider web is not going to hold, you have huge strength, go and restrain the wild boar king and buy us time. We need time to heal the red lava python."</p> 
<p>Without a defensive Gu and only with Rank one cultivation, getting close to the wild boar king was nothing but risky.</p> 
<p>Chi Shan took a look at Fang Yuan and said, "Go."</p> 
<p>Saying so, he took a huge step and left the place.</p> 
<p>He kept his word; although the wild boar king had much value, he turned around and left without hesitation.</p> 
<p>Seeing Chi Shan's group leaving, Jiao San and the gang breathed a sigh of relief. From start to finish, they did not say a word of thanks.</p> 
<p>Jiao San continue shouting, "Fang Yuan, hurry, the wild boar king's strength is huge, the spider web is not going to hold out. If you perform well this time, I will not pursue the matter of you leaving the team on your own."</p> 
<p>"Okay." Fang Yuan agreed, quickly getting to the wild boar king and grabbing its two huge tusks.</p> 
<p>He used all his strength and pulled, causing the wild boar king to be suppressed, its struggling suddenly diminished.</p> 
<p>"Good job!" Jiao San praised, but his eyes shone with cold light.</p> 
<p>This Fang Yuan came at a good time, the small beast horde was the perfect chance!</p> 
<p>Jiao San had never thought of killing Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan was his member, and if he died, the clan's evaluation of him would drop. This did not suit his interests.</p> 
<p>He only promised his uncle Gu Yue Dong Tu to slow Fang Yuan's growth. If he could drag it beyond sixteen years old, he would obtain a fortune promised by Gu Yue Dong Tu.</p> 
<p>The truth is, even with his scheming and intolerant nature, he did not think of killing Fang Yuan before. This is not just because after a Gu Master dies, the punishment hall would hold a thorough investigation, thus being risky, but also because of the clan's belief—Blood is thicker than water, family comes first. This notion is ingrained into the people's hearts. Unless there is a feud of killing one's parents or stealing one's wife, there is no such phenomenon of disputes.</p> 
<p>Like how the Gu Yue clan leader once taught the academy elder, not only does the system and rules hold the clan together, there is also the thick family relationships.</p> 
<p>Any organisation would need to have a system and values as their basic core.</p> 
<p>"Using this opportunity, I'll let Fang Yuan get injured and return to the village to nurse his injuries. Let's see if he can cultivate to Rank two like that! Of course, I cannot strike personally, if I get discovered that would be bad. Since there are so many beasts in the horde anyway, I'll borrow from their strength."</p> 
<p>Gu Yue Jiao San laughed coldly in his heart, but he asked, "Fang Yuan, how long can you hold out?"</p> 
<p>"A while more, don't worry group leader." Fang Yuan replied with much strength.</p> 
<p>"Very good, Hua Xing, go and plant the corrosion blood grass Gu," Jiao San instructed while healing the red lava python.</p> 
<p>"Yes!" A female Gu Master walked up.</p> 
<p>She came to the side of the wild boar king and stretched out both hands, giving a thumbs up on both hands. The nails on her thumbs had a purple vine insignia coiling around.</p> 
<p>Light red coloured red steel primeval essence gushed out and surrounded her white thumb, and entered the insignia.</p> 
<p>The vines were brought alive immediately, extending a delicate tentacle from her nails.</p> 
<p>The tentacles moved like snakes, extending to the wild boar king's mouth, and then along its teeth, going deep into its stomach.</p> 
<p>"Hehehe…." Fang Yuan covered his mouth in the darkness as it curled into a devious angle.</p> 
<p>Others would think about kinship and not have killing intent on their clansmen, this was going against the traditional moral values of the clan. But he did not put these values into his heart.</p> 
<p>The strength he placed on the wild boar king's tusks suddenly vanished.</p> 
<p>The wild boar king furiously growled and summoned all its strength. Its tusks swung in the air as Fang Yuan who was holding onto both tusks was brought along with the force and was thrown away.</p> 
<p>The wild boar king once again turned its head, and the tusks swept through. The female Gu Master was beside it and could not react quickly enough to such a change. She was hit by the tusks and screamed in agony.</p> 
<p>Then her slim body, after getting hit by the tusks, broke into two with a snap.</p> 
<p>The female Gu Master flew away like a broken bag; she was swept high into the sky, and then plopped down again.</p> 
<p>She landed on the ground, her eyes wide open. She was dead on the spot.</p>
    </body>
</html>
