<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 190: Third battle against Bai Ning Bing</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 190: Third battle against Bai Ning Bing</h1>
        
        <p>"Moon Raiment!" With the blade impending, Fang Zheng shouted, activating his Gu worm. A misty light that was blue like the moon gushed out from his body, extending and surrounding all the Gu Masters around him.</p> 
<p>But even so, everyone was still in despair."Struggling is useless." Bai Ning Bing's blue eyes shone with cruelty and indifference.</p> 
<p>But at this time!</p> 
<p>Bam!The ground under everyone's feet suddenly grew and turned into a lump before exploding, sending soil flying.</p> 
<p>Gu Masters cried painfully as they rolled away from the impact.</p> 
<p>In a cloud of smoke, a giant spider emerged from everyone's sights.</p> 
<p>The aura of a Rank five Gu made everyone wary.</p> 
<p>On the spider that looked like it was made of steel, a black clothed, black haired young man was standing upright.</p> 
<p>"I finally reached the surface!" Fang Yuan clenched his fist, his eyes emitting a brilliant glow!</p> 
<p>"Eh?" Soon after, he saw Bai Ning Bing who was hacking towards him in mid-air.</p> 
<p>The giant iceblade cut through the winds as it slashed towards him.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, you are finally here!" Bai Ning Bing's calm face, after a slight stun, completely transformed into one of excitement and battle intent.Fang Yuan snorted before the iceblade touched him. The icy winds caused him to feel a slight chill as his black hair flew behind him.</p> 
<p>He raised his hand, the Chainsaw Golden Centipede!</p> 
<p>Bam!Iceblade collided with the Chainsaw Golden Centipede, and after a stalemate, the golden centipede's razors rotated furiously, large amounts of ice shards flying out.</p> 
<p>[Friction noises]</p> 
<p>Cracks quickly emerged from the surface of the iceblade, quickly covering its entire body."Break!" Fang Yuan shouted; he had the strength of two boars, his strength completely overwhelmed Bai Ning Bing.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing could only let go as the iceblade broke into pieces, and ice shards fell.</p> 
<p>The Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider began to go berserk again, spreading its six legs and attacking towards Bai Ning Bing.Gu worms had low intellect, but they were born sensitive, able to sense which target was more of a threat to them. Bai Ning Bing's aura caused the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider to treat him as an enemy, locking onto him.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing's arms waved, and icicles flew out in a row. The icicles hit the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider's body and shattered, while the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider went berserk and growled, pouncing while Fang Yuan was on it.</p> 
<p>Swish swish swish!Three black spiral legs shot out like an arrow towards Bai Ning Bing's fragile body.</p> 
<p>Sensing danger, a snowy light shot out from Bai Ning Bing's aperture.</p> 
<p>The light expanded, revealing the white form immortal snake Gu, floating in mid-air.Bai Ning Bing laughed heartily, leaping and landing on the white form immortal snake's back, staring at Fang Yuan, "Interesting! Very interesting! Fang Yuan, you didn't let me down after all!"</p> 
<p>"B-Big... brother..." Fang Zheng climbed up from the floor. His face had been cut by the iceblade, his face full of blood as he stared at Fang Yuan with a complex expression.</p> 
<p>"The opponent has a Rank five Gu as well?" Bai clan leader's gaze tightened, becoming nervous.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, you finally appeared! Rank five Gu... isn't that the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider?" Gu Yue Bo's attention was attracted.</p> 
<p>On the battlefield, two youngsters of different ages stood on opposing sides.</p> 
<p>One wore white robes, had silver hair and blue eyes, riding on the white form immortal snake holding an iceblade in his hand, like a ice immortal descending to the mortal realm.</p> 
<p>The other had black robes, black hair and black eyes, standing on the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider's back, having the Chainsaw Golden Centipede in his hand, buzzing as it rotated, like a demon god summoned into the world.</p> 
<p>The two's opposing stances attracted many gazes.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing had an excited expression, raising the iceblade, shouting loudly, "This will be the most exciting battle in my life. Come, Fang Yuan, let us battle to the death!"</p> 
<p>"Hmph." Fang Yuan stared at Bai Ning Bing, using his peripheral vision to observe the surroundings.</p> 
<p>This was the three clans' competition.To think that the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider brought him here...</p> 
<p>He did not want to engage with Bai Ning Bing and waste his time here. Whether Tie Xue Leng or the First gen Gu Yue wins, they would definitely hunt him down. But if he does not defeat this Bai Ning Bing, how could he escape?</p> 
<p>Thus battle it is!BAM!</p> 
<p>White form immortal snake and Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider collided. The white snake coiled as the black spider stabbed, fighting at close range.</p> 
<p>On the two Gu's backs, two bodies moved about, the iceblade drawing different sparks in the sky while the Chainsaw Golden Centipede buzzed as it extended and contracted at will.The mountain rocks broke, and thunderous explosions happened continuously.</p> 
<p>Icicles hit Fang Yuan directly, but were blocked by the white armor of the Sky Canopy Gu. Blood moonblade hit Bai Ning Bing, causing a large injury that was instantly covered by a layer of frost, sealing the wound. The frost turned into blood and flesh, causing Bai Ning Bing to recover completely."It really is the Northern Dark Ice Soul physique!" Xiong clan leader saw this and stared with his eyes wide open.</p> 
<p>Ten extreme physiques were legendary aptitudes, he did not think he would see one with his own eyes.</p> 
<p>"Hehehe, Fang Yuan dares to attempt to fight Bai Ning Bing, he is assured to lose!" Bai clan leader laughed sinisterly.</p> 
<p>"That might not be..." Tie Ruo Nan beside him pouted.</p> 
<p>"Ten extreme physique, it has to be it. In such a battle, if he was a C grade, his primeval essence would've been long gone! Fang Yuan, you are indeed the Desolate Yin Ancient Moon physique!" Gu Yue Bo clenched his fist, his expression extremely agitated.</p> 
<p>"This is brother's true power? So brother really is a ten extreme physique, he's been concealing himself this entire time!" Fang Zheng's mouth was slightly open, his face full of dejection.</p> 
<p>The truth was in front of him, so what does his previous pride amount to now?</p> 
<p>Everytime, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing's intense clashes would cause his heart to tremble once.He felt himself getting smaller, and his older brother Fang Yuan's shadow started to enshroud him once again.</p> 
<p>"What sort of battle is this! I cannot believe that this is two Rank three Gu Masters fighting!"</p> 
<p>"Did I see wrongly? Fang Yuan is so ferocious? Fighting one on one against Bai Ning Bing and being equally matched!"</p> 
<p>Some surviving young Gu Masters stared in disbelief.</p> 
<p>The battle suddenly shifted once again.</p> 
<p>White form immortal snake and the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider both took great damage, but it was not refined by Bai Ning Bing, merely attracted by the Northern Dark Ice Soul physique.</p> 
<p>White form immortal snake spit out a lump of white fog, covering the entire battlefield. Then, its body trembled and it threw Bai Ning Bing off its body before leaving.</p> 
<p>"This, immortal..." Seeing this, Bai clan leader was shocked. As he watched the escaping white snake, he did not know what to say.This fog was like a maze, able to obscure vision and follow one like a shadow. Fang Yuan was covered by the white fog, and his eyes saw nothing but whiteness.</p> 
<p>But he did not panic, as although his vision was affected, he still had his other four senses—taste, hearing, smell and touch.</p> 
<p>Earth Communication Ear grass.</p> 
<p>Roots grew out of Fang Yuan's ears, and very soon he heard a sound analyzing the situation within three hundred steps of his radius.</p> 
<p>Lightning Eye Gu!</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing's eyes shone with lightning. Although Lightning Eye Gu was Rank three and could break through illusions, this fog made by a Rank five immortal snake completely suppressed it.</p> 
<p>"Fuck!" He cursed loudly.</p> 
<p>Icicle Gu!Dozens of icicles flew out in all directions.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's ears twitched, hearing the sound of the icicles moving against the wind. Thus, he hurriedly flipped his body to the other side of the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider.</p> 
<p>Bam bam bam.The icicles struck the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider's body, causing it to go into a rage and rush towards the direction of the icicles.</p> 
<p>"I'm not going to play with you." Fang Yuan got off the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider, abandoning it and relying on the Earth Communication Ear grass and attempting to leave the battlefield.</p> 
<p>This Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider had already been corrupted by the Blood Frenzy Gu, about to turn into a pool of blood water soon, so he should abandon it as soon as possible.</p> 
<p>That Bai Ning Bing was now a ticking time bomb, and killing him is akin to setting off a bomb, he cannot be touched.</p> 
<p>The Gu Masters observing the battle only saw a lump of mist, before a small piece was divided out and floated towards the southeast direction of the battlefield.</p> 
<p>Within this mist, it was naturally Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>The maze fog followed like a shadow, and unless dispelled, it would continue to obscure Fang Yuan's vision until the maze fog fades on its own.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's eyes continued to see nothing but fog, but he had the Earth Communication Ear grass, thus he could determine his location through sound.</p> 
<p>The moving wind and tree leaves, the mountain springs and its flowing water, the chirping of the birds, the breathing of the wild beasts, these were all sounds. Only the mountain rocks had no sound, thus, he sometimes knocked into them.</p> 
<p>"Iceblade storm!" Behind him, Bai Ning Bing's voice came.</p> 
<p>Huff huff huff...</p> 
<p>The winds blew as cold air spread, the temperature in the air started to decrease, and the white colored iceblade storm was formed, even bigger than before.</p> 
<p>Even the Thousand Li Earthwolf Spider was repelled by it.</p> 
<p>"That lump of mist, it should be Fang Yuan! Quickly stop him!!" Beside, Tie Ruo Nan shouted loudly.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, don't go, Gu Yue village is your home!" Gu Yue Bo was anxious, trying to chase after him but was stopped by the other two clan leaders.</p> 
<p>"Why? Gu Yue clan leader, are you going to break the agreement and enter the battlefield?" Xiong clan leader crossed his arms and snickered.</p> 
<p>"Hmph, our Gu Yue clan admits our loss for this battle. Now, whoever stops me, I will murder without hesitation!" Gu Yue Bo watched as Fang Yuan got even further, as his anxiety rose.</p> 
<p>"Are you threatening me? I am not scared of you, Gu Yue Bo." Bai clan leader's expression was grim, at the same time signalling to his Gu Masters.</p> 
<p>The Gu Master understood, and immediately dispatched his men to chase after Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"We cannot let him escape, I'm going ahead." Tie Ruo Nan seeing this chance, immediately moved, a pair of black steel wings emerging from her back as she flew into mid-air, chasing after Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>But at this time, a green shadow shot over.Rank five—Giant mountain puppet Gu!</p> 
<p>This Gu looked like a bronze mask. Its appearance was simple, only showing both eyes and mouth. The bronze mask was covered in blood, flying towards the young girl's face disregarding her shock.</p> 
<p>"Father!" Seeing the blood traces, Tie Ruo Nan screamed subconsciously.</p> 
<p>At this time, a large steel hand flew over as well, grabbing Tie Ruo Nan and flying far away without a moment of pause.</p> 
<p>This sudden change caused everyone to be taken aback.</p> 
<p>"It seems Tie Xue Leng is most likely going to lose. Hehe, it has been almost a thousand years, senior brother. You have really brought me, your junior brother, some surprise." Over 300 metres above the ground, an elderly Gu Master stared at the scene, his expression calm and indifferent.</p> 
<p>His hair was white, and so were his eyebrows. As he sat on a giant crane, his right palm opened with a Kinship Blood worm Gu.This Gu was crystal clear, like a red agate. Its shape was like a cicada, emitting a glow at times, pointing towards the Gu Yue village.</p> 
<p>"Senior brother, even if you hide here, I can still find you. You stole my opportunity back then, so I will return the favor to you a thousand fold this time!"</p> 
<p>The white brow elderly gritted his teeth as he said so, and he showed an expression of utter hatred.</p>
    </body>
</html>
