<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 133: Thanks for letting me kill you</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 133: Thanks for letting me kill you</h1>
        
        <p>Sprinting rapidly!</p> 
<p>The trees before Fang Yuan looked like they were crashing into him, and he quickly avoided them nimbly, pushing off with his legs.</p> 
<p>His right ear had roots swaying around, and behind him was a bold lightning wolf angered by him on purpose and several hundred healthy ordinary lightning wolves.</p> 
<p>The lightning wolves' speed was faster than him. Especially the bold lightning wolf, its streamlined body jolted around in the complicated terrain, having an extremely fast speed.</p> 
<p>Seeing Fang Yuan who was about to be caught up, suddenly, his body had ripples of light around him, and he vanished.</p> 
<p>The bold lightning wolf had to halt its steps and observe the surroundings with bewilderment.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan sprinted to a faraway place, before reappearing again.</p> 
<p>Bold lightning wolf's eyesight was sharp, immediately finding him. It growled angrily and chased after Fang Yuan again.</p> 
<p>As for those ordinary lightning wolves, they followed closely behind.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed internally and continued sprinting.</p> 
<p>Rinse and repeat, he had finally reached his destination. This time, he activated his stealth completely.</p> 
<p>The wolf pack who came chasing sniffed around the area where Fang Yuan disappeared, and soon after, the bold lightning wolf found its new target.</p> 
<p>Not far away, on the mountain valley, there were five Gu Masters fighting with a pack of wolves.</p> 
<p>Howl!</p> 
<p>The bold lightning wolf had limited IQ, immediately forgetting Fang Yuan. It turned its head and growled, and the lightning wolves behind it entered the valley's battlefield like tidal waves.</p> 
<p>"How can this be?" The Gu Master in battle saw this scene and despaired.</p> 
<p>"Didn't they say that each pack of wolves have their own mobility range?"</p> 
<p>"We took so much effort to kill a bold lightning wolf, and here comes a second one! We're screwed."</p> 
<p>"Quickly send the distress signal to the clan!"</p> 
<p>This new pack of wolves joined in and the Gu Master's pressure intensified, their tone showing a panicky and flustered emotion.</p> 
<p>The investigative Gu Master shot out a Gu worm from his hand.</p> 
<p>This Gu worm was like a golden round ball, but had a pair of colourful feathered wings. It flew into midair and exploded, turning into a rainbow flame, observable from a 50km range.</p> 
<p>This was the signal Gu, a Rank one expendable Gu worm, often used to send signals.</p> 
<p>"The signal has been sent, everyone hang in there, wait for reinforcements!" The group leader shouted at an appropriate timing, slightly raising the morale and stabilizing their fighting spirits.</p> 
<p>"It's useless." Fang Yuan appeared at a high point on the cliff, staring downwards, his heart smirking.</p> 
<p>This Gu Master group's situation was already well investigated by him. The nearest group in the vicinity was also deep in the wolf pack's encirclement.</p> 
<p>That pack of wolves was also lured over by Fang Yuan, to restrict them.</p> 
<p>"Killing lightning wolves, each eyeball is ten merit points. But on the battlefield, reclaiming Gu worms and bringing them to the clan higher-ups is worth at least a thousand points! This kind of thing, after doing it two or three times, I will be able to exchange the Three Step Fragrant Grass Gu," Fang Yuan thought in his heart.</p> 
<p>Under his scheme, the Gu Master group's fate was sealed.</p> 
<p>"Next, I will wait for them to be exterminated. Then I shall lure the lightning wolf pack away and come back here to collect the Gu worms." Fang Yuan walked to a nearby tree and sat down leisurely.</p> 
<p>No one was willing to die, so these Gu Masters put up a strong resistance.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not risk it to lure a thousand beast king frenzy lightning wolf, but instead chose the bold lightning wolf, so this gave them the opportunity to struggle for a longer time.</p> 
<p>Especially when among them, there was a defeated opponent of Fang Yuan's.</p> 
<p>Gu Yue Man Shi.</p> 
<p>He had the Monolith Gu and had strong defense, thus he alone could block many lightning wolves' attack.</p> 
<p>But, this was also why Fang Yuan chose their group.</p> 
<p>The more precious the Gu worm, after returning them, the more merit points are awarded. After bringing back the Monolith Gu, Fang Yuan can get around 3900 merit points, and that can let his position on the battle merit board rise by at least twenty positions.</p> 
<p>Of course, Chi Shan, Mo Yan and Qing Shu's Gu worms, were more precious than the Monolith Gu.</p> 
<p>But Chi Shan's group had Gu Yue Chi She, who possessed the Snake Communication Gu, able to rely on heat to detect living beings. Fang Yuan's stealth had no use against him.</p> 
<p>As for Mo Yan, she had an even stronger investigative Gu Master than Chi She, with even more methods. She had single-handedly completed wolf den investigation missions given by the clan many times.</p> 
<p>Qing Shu group does not have a strong investigative Gu Master, but because of Gu Yue Fang Zheng's existence, the clan has definitely sent a clan elder to follow and protect him, thus if Fang Yuan lures them, it is courting death.</p> 
<p>For the Gu Masters in the other two clans, Fang Yuan was not familiar with them.</p> 
<p>Setting up others was not easy to do. After choosing left and right, he finally decided on a few groups, and after following them for a long while, he managed to find an appropriate chance.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing was sleeping when sounds of battles entered his ear.</p> 
<p>His opened his eyes slightly, the slit of his eye shining with cold light.</p> 
<p>"Another boring scene." He was sleeping on the edge of the cliff, and just turning around allowed him to have a clear view of the valley. He was about to go back to sleep, but suddenly saw a figure.</p> 
<p>"Oh?" His eyes shone with shock as he saw Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was leaning against the tree, eating a wild fruit he picked, staring coldly at the battlefield with no intention to help.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing instantly grew interested, he had never met someone like this. From young, the people around him were all loyal to the clan, and indulged in kinship.</p> 
<p>But from Fang Yuan, he felt a sense of familiarity, loneliness and aloofness.</p> 
<p>"Who is he?" Bai Ning Bing's heart developed confusion and interest.</p> 
<p>The wild fruit was picked on the spot, but with his experience, Fang Yuan could tell it was harmless.</p> 
<p>The fruit was juicy, sour and sweet. As he ate, his right ear twitched; he heard something, and it was nearby!</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing was sleeping on a higher terrain of the cliff earlier, but without making any movements, the Earth Communication Ear Grass could not sense him. However, now that he moved, he was instantly discovered.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's eyes shone with lightning as he turned his body to see a white haired and white clothed young man, stabbing his ice blade into the cliff and sliding down along it, landing not too far away.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's eyes squinted, recognising him instantly.</p> 
<p>Qing Mao Mountain's number one genius, the symbol of Bai clan's rise. Killing a Rank three clan elder at Rank two, and at this young age he already reached Rank three, a crucial person capable of changing the entire power distribution of Qing Mao mountain!</p> 
<p>If it was other Gu Masters facing Bai Ning Bing alone, their expression would be rapidly changing, either nervous or wary.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan's gaze only stayed on him for a second before looking back at the valley. His expression was calm, almost uncaring. This is because Fang Yuan knew all about Bai Ning Bing's trump cards and secrets. Very clearly.</p> 
<p>"Oh..." Bai Ning Bing walked over, staring at Fang Yuan blankly. His mouth opened, dragging his word.</p> 
<p>He curiously stared at Fang Yuan like he was looking at an object he had never seen before.</p> 
<p>He got closer and closer. The more he looked at Fang Yuan, the more his eyes shone, and the greater interest he had in his heart.</p> 
<p>"On this person, why do I sense a familiar smell? It feels like I've seen him before. Like long ago, we are already friends, this feeling!" Bai Ning Bing's heart was turbulent.</p> 
<p>Friend—This word, he was always sceptical, despising, and even felt disdain towards it.</p> 
<p>He never thought he would have a friend. Those commoners around him, they only had the right to admire him, they had no right to become his friend.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing always thought, he would never have a friend in his life.</p> 
<p>But now—he suddenly had this feeling!</p> 
<p>This was a mystical feeling, but he was very sure of it. When he looked at Fang Yuan, it felt like he was looking at himself!</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing got slightly too close, and Fang Yuan turned around, staring at him plainly with his deep dark iris.</p> 
<p>Without a reason, Bai Ning Bing understood the meaning of his gaze.</p> 
<p>It was a warning.</p> 
<p>He halted his steps, slightly stunned, very impolitely staring at Fang Yuan while saying, "Eh, you really are interesting."</p> 
<p>If the Bai clan Gu Masters who were familiar with him heard this, they would go crazy.</p> 
<p>That is because, since his birth, Bai Ning Bing had never praised someone like this.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan ignored him, biting his wild fruit and staring at the valley's intense fight.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing circled around Fang Yuan, observing him closely. As if he was looking at the strangest food on earth. He looked from every angle, even squatting down on the ground and looking up at him from the floor.</p> 
<p>His silky white hair which was impeccably clean like a crystal, instantly laid on the muddy ground, but he did not care.</p> 
<p>His white robe dragged across the ground and he paid no heed either.</p> 
<p>This moment, he was like a pure child, seeing his playmate, curiously staring at Fang Yuan with a longing expression, many times wanting to speak but couldn't.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing felt that he had many things to say to Fang Yuan, but when he was about to speak, he felt no need anymore, because he felt that Fang Yuan understood.</p> 
<p>After being silent for a while, he asked, "The valley's battle is not interesting at all, what's there to look at."</p> 
<p>Halfway through, his eyebrows raised, showing an expression of realization, "I see. You lured this wolf pack, you want to kill these Gu Masters, but why did you not do it yourself. Oh, afraid of leaving evidence. You are too vigilant, from your aura, you already have Rank two cultivation. If I were you, I'll just go ahead and do it myself!"</p> 
<p>Suddenly, he chuckled like he had seen the most fun toy in this world as a kid. His eyebrows darted around, "You are really interesting, even the things you do are interesting. Hehehe, I am starting to like you!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan retracted his gaze, turning around and looking at Bai Ning Bing.</p> 
<p>He knew this person.</p> 
<p>That is because this person is also a natural demon.</p> 
<p>What is a demon?</p> 
<p>Abandoning the worldly customs, treating the people of this world with indifference. Engulfed by loneliness, and despising relationships!</p> 
<p>This person was like Fang Yuan's shadow, except that Fang Yuan was deeper down the path, and Bai Ning Bing was more pure.</p> 
<p>In simple words, they were kindred spirits!</p> 
<p>In his previous life's memory, after the three clans barely survived the wolf tide, this man murdered the three clans and caused the lustrous green Qing Mao Mountain to turn into a hellish ice mountain!</p> 
<p>"Bai Ning Bing, Bai Ning Bing..." Fang Yuan sighed in his heart, saying slowly, "You're very lonely, huh."</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing's eyes widened, squatting on the floor, nodding continuously, empathising and sighing, "Yes, these days, life has been super boring. Some time ago, I killed a Xiong clan Gu Master and that was somewhat fun. Getting this Gu, look."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan looked at the Plunder Gu in his hand, starting to laugh, "So, you want to kill me?"</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing's eyes turned from black to blue crystal colour as he jumped up and straightened his body.</p> 
<p>"Hahaha!" He raised his head and laughed thrice, staring at Fang Yuan with an excited expression, "You do know! That's right, I want to kill you, come kill me too. Life and death battles are the most fun, meeting someone as interesting as you, I swear I've never done anything so interesting!"</p> 
<p>He got more and more excited as he suddenly opened both arms, arching his head and sighing, "Ahhhh! I can feel that my life had never been so colourful! Thank you, thank you, although I don't know your name, thank you for letting me kill you!!! Hehehe..."</p>
    </body>
</html>
