<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 195: Then let me become a demon</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 195: Then let me become a demon</h1>
        
        <p>First gen Gu Yue laughed with even more joy; suddenly, he stopped laughing and turned towards Lord Sky Crane, speaking with a voice filled with hatred, "Junior brother, you never thought there would be a day like this, right?! We were both orphans raised by the master. But since young, master always pampered you more. Why? Isn't it because your aptitude is A grade and mine is only C grade?"</p> 
<p>"Naturally, with your A grade aptitude, your cultivation progressed much faster. Did you know, with my C grade aptitude, how much sweat and effort I had to put in compared to you, just barely be able to match with your pace? Although we were called the Twin Cranes of Righteous Paths—you were always the main and I the second. You were like the brightest star, just because you were an A grade genius!"</p> 
<p>"Even your luck was good and you obtained one of the true inheritances of Blood Sea ancestor. Blood Skull Gu could purify the blood of the relatives killed and pour them into the aperture, upgrading it. Did you know what my mood was like at the time? I thought day and night, thinking of countless schemes. I knew the Blood Skull Gu was my only hope; with it, I could change my life, change my fate!"</p> 
<p>"But it is mine, MINE!" Lord Sky Crane was so angry that he stamped his feet repeatedly.</p> 
<p>"Yes, it is yours." First gen Gu Yue nodded, "Your aptitude is great and your luck is also great. Clearly, we started out at the same time, killing enemies together, but the heavens only appreciated you, giving you the true inheritance. Did you know, when I looked at your proud expression and listened to you talking about your future plans, when I was forcing myself to smile, I suddenly realized."</p> 
<p>"The heavens favored you, gave you A grade aptitude and the true blood sea inheritance. But what could I do about it? I was only an insignificant C grade talent, so how could I succeed just by relying on myself? I could only seize, rob! Change what wasn't mine to become mine! The fate that heaven had planned for me was to let me bow under someone, making me a shadow behind others! But I am indignant, for on what basis did he put me below and you above?" First gen Gu Yue actually seemed to be weeping and whimpering at the end.</p> 
<p>Blood wight zombie's appearance was extremely terrifying, and adding on to this strange sound, anyone who heard it would feel coldness seep into their bones.</p> 
<p>"Since the heavens don't favor me, master doesn't love me, other people don't value me—I can only love myself more, I can only value myself more, I can only rely on myself more. I can only put in more effort, I can only take more risks, I can only exert myself more! Only then can I succeed! But the righteous path talks of moral codes, ethics, comradeship, qualifications, hierarchy. I am only a lone person, a nobody with no background, no talent and no resources. So tell me, how could I succeed?"</p> 
<p>"With the righteous path, I could only let myself be exploited and bullied, I could only look up to these Young Masters and geniuses. Even if I kept on increasing my qualifications until I got old, I would only achieve minute success. This is the righteous path... a bullshit path!"</p> 
<p>"Only by becoming a demon, forsaking ethics, comradeship, the social rules and paying a huge price, I could take another path among the thorns and brambles, a path that belonged to myself! So, I schemed against you, seized your blood sea true inheritance and became a demon. Haha, and a demon I became!"</p> 
<p>A demon I became...</p> 
<p>A demon I became...</p> 
<p>The voice reverberated within the blood shield.</p> 
<p>Outside the shield, Lord Sky Crane was in a quiet and sombre mood.</p> 
<p>First gen Gu Yue slowly stopped laughing then began killing again. Large numbers of Gu Masters were killed, their blood absorbed by the Blood Skull Gu and concentrated into the blood fountain, pouring into First gen Gu Yue's aperture and raising his aptitude.</p> 
<p>The higher the aptitude, the more primeval essence could be stored in the aperture.</p> 
<p>As First gen Gu Yue killed more and more Gu Yue clansmen, his aptitude kept on increasing. After chewing the primeval stones, his primeval essence increased and his fighting strength became more powerful.</p> 
<p>Outside the blood shield, Lord Sky Crane was burning with anxiety, but the Blood Curtain Skyflower was like a deep chasm; he could do nothing but sigh. He had tried to prevent it, but he could only give up.</p> 
<p>As time passed on, there were only a few numbers of people left inside the blood shield.</p> 
<p>"Brat, you stole the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus. I will give you a chance to atone for your crime, obediently hand it over and your life will be spared!" First gen Gu Yue walked closer step by step, his killing intent firmly locking Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan knew the chance of his survival was scarce, but his expression didn't change and instead sneered, "Only three year old children might be deceived by your bullshit. Hmph, I will destroy Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus if you come any closer. You should know that I have refined this Gu and can easily cause it to self-destruct with a thought. It's up to you."</p> 
<p>First gen Gu Yue's steps slowed, then he resolutely and quickly pressed on towards Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"Brat, you have guts and you are smart too. You are indeed my descendant, I will take your blood and use it to raise my aptitude. Of course, I won't let you go. Originally, I used a blood type Gu to purify my heir's blood lineage, to try and bring out a descendant with the Ancient Moon Desolate Yin physique. As long as I absorbed the blood of such a genius, I would be able to raise my aptitude sharply to 99% A grade aptitude!"</p> 
<p>"If it had been so, I could have let you guys go, but unfortunately your luck doesn't seem to be good. Humph, the thing I hate the most in my life is being coerced. If Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus dies then so be it, but you are sure to die!"</p> 
<p>His words hadn't even finished when the two wings on his back flapped, propelling him forward; in the blink of an eye, he appeared in front of Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>First gen Gu Yue made a grabbing motion with his right hand; in that split second, Fang Yuan's pupils shrunk, and his hairs stood on the end as he retreated hastily.</p> 
<p>However, how could it be easy to dodge a Rank five expert? The blood wight claws were almost upon him, but suddenly an ice hand pierced in from his side.</p> 
<p>BANG.</p> 
<p>There was the sound of a collision, and the ice hand shattered and cold aura flew all over the place; the First gen Gu Yue had to take a step back.</p> 
<p>"Bai Ning Bing?!" Fang Yuan was shocked when he turned around to look at the person who had helped him.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing took back his broken arm, and cold air blew out from the wound and instantly condensed into a new ice hand just like before. It was just that there was no flesh in the hand—he was already reaching the lifespan limits of his ten extreme aptitude.</p> 
<p>"To think that I can have a such a splendid death. It's a pity I won't be able to see the conclusion to this battle!" Bai Ning Bing heaved a deep sigh, then suddenly smiled and looked at Fang Yuan with his deep blue pupils, "Fang Yuan, you and I are the same kind of people. My death is certain, but it would be a real pity if you were to die too. So I will protect you, but I have a condition."</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing may only be a Rank three Gu Master, but as his death closed upon him, his fighting strength continued to grow steeply like a water fountain. The final hope to win against First gen Gu Yue was him!</p> 
<p>"What condition?" Fang Yuan's gaze flashed.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing stretched out his two arms like he was embracing the world. Clothed in a white gown, matching with his snowy white hair and sharp eyebrows, he said, "Live on for me and witness the myriad wonders of this world!"</p> 
<p>In that moment, Fang Yuan was emotionally moved!</p> 
<p>This man...</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan looked at Bai Ning Bing and he felt like he was looking at his younger self in his previous life.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing's words might sound like nonsense, but they were genuine. Maybe, ordinary people would never believe it, but Fang Yuan understood the profound meaning contained within these words.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing was a top genius, his talent in defiance of the heavens and but his lifespan superficially short. He had already found his path, and found his faith. He wasn't afraid of death but he was reluctant to leave this world.</p> 
<p>He had regrets, but under this situation where he had no other alternatives, he could only entrust them to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"Oh, it actually is Northern Dark Ice Soul physique! Tsk, such a pity that you are not a descendant of my lineage, otherwise they wouldn't have needed to die." First gen Gu Yue smiled malevolently. "But you want to block me by relying on this Northern Dark Ice Soul physique? So naive!"</p> 
<p>His figure disappeared and appeared right in front of Bai Ning Bing.</p> 
<p>BOOM!</p> 
<p>There was a noise of explosion, and the two had traded off a blow.</p> 
<p>First gen Gu Yue was forced back two steps whereas Bai Ning Bing's whole skull and most of his body was blown away.</p> 
<p>But in the next instant, crackle, crack...</p> 
<p>Cold air permeated the area, ice and frost condensed together to again grow out the body and the skull—Bai Ning Bing was resurrected!</p> 
<p>"What!" First gen Gu Yue got the shock of his life. Ten extreme aptitudes were rarely seen and this was the first time he was facing one.</p> 
<p>Two people traded off blows again. In the end, Bai Ning Bing's cultivation level was weak and was firmly pressed in a disadvantageous position, so the situation looked very bad. However, no matter how First gen Gu Yue killed him, he didn't die.</p> 
<p>At this moment, Bai Ning Bing's Northern Dark Ice Soul body was close to an undying body; no matter how severe the wounds, they would be frozen back to the original state in a matter of seconds.</p> 
<p>Gu Yue Bo was becoming more furious and also fearful, and he crazily increased his offensive attacks. Bai Ning Bing gradually lost all color of life, turning into a moving iceman. Even his white hair had turned into thin icicles.</p> 
<p>The time had finally arrived...</p> 
<p>Death was descending at this moment.</p> 
<p>"Infinite brilliance in the mortal realm, to the ends of the world the skies and seas stretch beyond. As the winds blow my ashes back to the earth, it is incomparable to the shining moon in the reflection of the water!" Bai Ning Bing recited a poem with a faint smile.</p> 
<p>Henceforth, his facial expression froze.</p> 
<p>There was a burst of cold wind and the fog like frost suddenly rose up.</p> 
<p>Crackle.....</p> 
<p>Large amounts of ice started spreading from under his feet, then the glacier rose up like the birth of a mountain!</p> 
<p>The surging majestic ice was like a landslide, like a tsunami, like a dragon rolling on the waves, as it crushed towards First gen Gu Yue.</p> 
<p>First gen Gu Yue let out a gasp and brought out all his strength to resist it. The red hairs on his head were all standing on end, mist of blood rising from all over his body, and large numbers of blood guillotine and bladewing blood bat Gu were sent to crash against the glacier in an attempt to slow it down even by a bit.</p> 
<p>In the end, he was still suppressed by the glacier, confined and engulfed.</p> 
<p>The enormous glacier filled the whole blood shield, but it didn't touch Fang Yuan as he was in a small space left intentionally by Bai Ning Bing.</p> 
<p>Bang.</p> 
<p>The Blood Curtain Skyflower burst with a soft sound. With no hindrances, the cold air crazily flew around, and ice immediately condensed into a glacier which continued to spread.</p> 
<p>"It broke the shield of Blood Curtain Skyflower gu! Such power..." Lord Sky Crane didn't dare face the glacier as he promptly took to the air.</p> 
<p>Under his astonished gaze, the glacier continued to spread and actually covered the whole Qing Mao mountain from the top of the mountain to the bottom. In this instance, the lush, thriving Qing Mao mountain turned into a sinister land of ice and snow.</p> 
<p>The icy ground under Fang Yuan's feet continued to raise higher, he too was personally observing this scene.</p> 
<p>This thousand li glacier was the evidence of the fall of a young genius, and contained within it was Bai Ning Bing's indignance and helpless sigh.</p> 
<p>"Not good, I need leave this place soon! Bai Ning Bing's consciousness is weakening and gradually dying out, he is already losing the control of the glacier." Fang Yuan found that the space he was on was shrinking, ice continuously condensed and moved forward, compressing the space he was on.</p>
    </body>
</html>
