<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 395: Bai Ning Bing?</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 395: Bai Ning Bing?</h1>
        
        <p>Currently, the land spirit was dead and Fang Yuan was unable to see the scene outside the hall. However, with his previous life memories, he could guess one or two things without looking at the situation.</p> 
<p>"There are only two rank five experts in the blessed land; Xiao Mang and Mo Wu Tian, they will be held back by the two dog emperors for some time. There are a lot of rank four Gu Masters, but at this time, there is only one who can charge to this place. That is the young clan leader of Yan clan, Yan Jun. He obtained the ancient phantom path inheritance and is specialized in hiding and attacking. It should not be a problem for him to charge through the dog beast formation."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan pondered, it was the truth as well.</p> 
<p>Phantom path had once flourished in the ancient times; its concept was to be footloose and carefree, invincibility through dodging. As long as one could evade every attack, that was a form of 'invincibility'.</p> 
<p>In Fang Yuan's previous life, phantom path Yan Jun had shown great brilliance at the battle of Yi Tian mountain, challenging the demonic path Gu Masters and causing them to suffer severe losses. That was until Mo Wu Tian showed up and beat him into retreating.</p> 
<p>"This blessed land doesn't have strong defense! The central area is so important but there is only a bronze hall built there, although it can be used to store things, its defense is really thin; the whole thing is impressive looking but useless! If it was like the Hu Immortal blessed land with Dang Hun mountain as defense, it would simply be like a heavenly moat and even Gu Immortals would have a headache facing it. Even my own blessed land that had the structure of a blood sea was much better than this hall." Fang Yuan inwardly felt resentment. He walked over to Feng Tian Yu and kicked him awake.</p> 
<p>"Get up!" Fang Yuan said in a cold voice.</p> 
<p>Feng Tian Yu had worked hard and made great contributions, if it were not for him bearing most of the pressure, Fang Yuan might not have succeeded in refining to this stage.</p> 
<p>"Ugh, mas... master..." He woke up with bloodshot eyes, his hair was scraggy like weed and his face was pale-white; his body was swaying as he greeted Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"Go out of the main hall and block the rank four phantom path Gu Master. Even if you have to sacrifice your life." Fang Yuan ruthlessly commanded.</p> 
<p>"Yes, subordinate will do his best!" Feng Tian Yu bit his lips and walked out.</p> 
<p>His primeval essence was almost completely consumed and he did not have enough fighting strength left. Moreover, as a refinement path grandmaster, he was not specialized in intense battle. It was almost guaranteed that he would not return alive from this mission.</p> 
<p>However, the current Fang Yuan still needed to continue with the final step, he did not have any other force remaining, thus he could only send Feng Tian Yu.</p> 
<p>"Second aperture Gu is the top priority. Sacrificing a refinement path grandmaster for it is nothing much." Fang Yuan sat down in a cross-legged position and looked at the continuously changing gorgeous light in the air.</p> 
<p>At this step, second aperture Gu was already mostly completely and was interchanging between real and surreal, form and formless. It was unable to be moved and also could only exist for six hours.</p> 
<p>After six hours, if the refinement has still not been carried out, the light would disappear and all the previous effort would be wasted.</p> 
<p>"There is no turning back now, as long as I finish this final step, I will obtain second aperture Gu! It is just that..."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan subconsciously stroked his abdomen with a grave expression.</p> 
<p>In the blessed land, time flew three times faster than the outside world; Spring Autumn Cicada was recovering extremely fast and bringing great pressure to the aperture.</p> 
<p>Even though Fang Yuan's aperture was rank four upper stage, it could not endure this pressure and there were indications of tiny cracks on the aperture surface.</p> 
<p>Next, he would have to still use two third watch Gu, and with the effects overlaid, the time flow would be nine times faster.</p> 
<p>At that time, could his aperture endure the pressure?</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was not someone who would recklessly take risks and had already meticulously planned before beginning the Gu refinement.</p> 
<p>He had a huge chance of winning this gamble. As long as he got the second aperture and promptly left the blessed land, he would be able to have few months of respite.</p> 
<p>He naturally had some backup plans at that time.</p> 
<p>"Third watch Gu, go." He calmed down his mind and gathered his concentration to begin the final step.</p> 
<p>Under the effect of third watch Gu, that light ball immediately started changing rapidly, the light rays were dazzling and gave off a mysterious aura that was hard to describe in words.</p> 
<p>"Divine travel Gu broadens the space and third watch Gu condenses the time. This is the using the laws of both space and time, this truly is the way of Gu passed down from the immemorial era..."</p> 
<p>Genuine knowledge comes from practice and Fang Yuan gained some comprehension from this.</p> 
<p>Time flew, the first third watch Gu's effect was nearing its end. The light ball faintly solidified, giving off the shape of the final product.</p> 
<p>The shouts from outside the main hall became louder, but whether it were Mo Wu Tian, Xiao Mang, or Yan Jun and so on, no one had yet to charge inside.</p> 
<p>"Good, next it is the second third watch Gu..." Looking at the refinement finally about to succeed, even Fang Yuan started feeling excited.</p> 
<p>However, right at this time!</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing's voice came: "Fang Yuan, be careful. Tie Ruo Nan has broken the defense line and is coming towards you!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's expression changed.</p> 
<p>At this moment, his whole attention was concentrated on the refinement and he could not pull out from it, how could he face the enemy? With Feng Tian Yu already being sent out, he did not have any defensive force.</p> 
<p>What to do?</p> 
<p>"Bai Ning Bing, what the hell are you doing! Are you still not going to come to guard me? I can't move now, if I die, you will also die under the powers of poison vow Gu!" Fang Yuan transmitted his furious voice.</p> 
<p>He was extremely helpless and could only call Bai Ning Bing over.</p> 
<p>Without Bai Ning Bing to take control, the dog groups outside would definitely be a group of leaderless army and there would be huge chaos. And soon, the group of heroes could kill their way through.</p> 
<p>However, Fang Yuan could not care about it!</p> 
<p>Right now, he was like a fish on the chopping board, anyone could slaughter him with him not having even a bit of retaliation power. If someone did not protect him, he would be easily killed by Tie Ruo Nan.</p> 
<p>Fortunately, the Gu refinement was already at its final stage and now only the second third watch Gu had to be used.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan only hoped for more time.</p> 
<p>As long as he made every second count and finished the refinement, with the many rank four and rank five movement Gu on him, he could break out of the siege and escape alive.</p> 
<p>As for Bai Ning Bing?</p> 
<p>Hehe, she is suitable to block the incoming enemies, her use would be maximised. As for what her ending would be, it was not something Fang Yuan could consider at the moment.</p> 
<p><em>Bam!</em></p> 
<p>The hall's great door was pushed open violently.</p> 
<p>Tie Ruo Nan walked inside and saw the scene in the hall; she was first dazed before immediately reacting with both shock and happiness: "Little beast king, today is the day I shall take your head!"</p> 
<p>She went in for the kill before she even finished speaking. With a wave of her hand, countless golden needles flew out.</p> 
<p>"Bai Ning Bing!" The concentrated aura of death came pouncing on him and Fang Yuan could not help shouting again.</p> 
<p><em>Whoosh!</em></p> 
<p>Cold wind blew and ice started spreading, forming into an ice wall that blocked all the golden needles.</p> 
<p>Next moment, Bai Ning Bing also appeared at the entrance of the main hall.</p> 
<p>However, her state was clearly not good, she was covered in blood and injuries filled her body. The most severe injury was on her back, a cut that spread from her shoulder to her sacrum, it was so deep that even her bones could be seen.</p> 
<p>There were bits of green leaves sticking on her clothes, her silver hair was scorched, and her whole left arm was purple, she was clearly poisoned.</p> 
<p>"Quick, block her!" Fang Yuan shouted, "I only need a little time."</p> 
<p>"You still have the leisure to say such nonsense, just make the most of this time to refine the Gu!" Bai Ning Bing gritted her teeth and cursed before starting to fight Tie Ruo Nan.</p> 
<p>Tie Ruo Nan laughed coldly, her golden needles flew like lightning with extremely terrifying offensive power.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing clenched her teeth, she had suffered heavy injuries and did not even have ten percent of her original strength; she soon fell into disadvantage.</p> 
<p>Several moves later, Bai Ning Bing's injuries intensified; her ankle sprained and her body wavered, Tie Ruo Nan keenly grabbed this chance to move in for a fierce attack.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing was again inflicted with heavy injuries and fell down to the ground.</p> 
<p>"I shall kill you first!" An imprint that was on Tie Ruo Nan's forehead flashed and turned into solid, forming a golden flying dagger that shot out fiercely.</p> 
<p><em>Whoosh!</em></p> 
<p>The golden flying dagger cut through the air towards Bai Ning Bing's neck, but it missed by just a hairline gap and pierced into the bronze tile.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing rolled quickly and evaded the fatal attack, shouting: "How long do you still need?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's heart was thumping loudly as he gritted his teeth and shouted: "Just a little bit, hold on even if you die!!"</p> 
<p>"If I die, you won't be able to live either..." Bai Ning Bing cursed but was interrupted by Tie Ruo Nan's attack.</p> 
<p>Tie Ruo Nan's offense came in wave after wave, Bai Ning Bing was sent into retreat bit by bit and could only make dodging his priority, struggling in between the thin line of life and death.</p> 
<p>Several more moves later, Bai Ning Bing gasped roughly: "I can't continue! Fang Yuan, I am going to self-destruct!"</p> 
<p>"Your aptitude has already returned to a hundred percent?" Fang Yuan was startled.</p> 
<p>"What do you think!" Bai Ning Bing cursed.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes, Bai Ning Bing changing back into northern dark soul ice physique was a definite thing. But he had not expected it to be this quick!</p> 
<p>According to his calculation, despite the time flowing three times faster in the blessed land, it should have only have been after several more months.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was in a critical juncture of the refinement process and was unable to distract his mind to consider too much.</p> 
<p>The self-destruction of a ten extreme physique possessed extreme might and even rank five Gu Masters would have to take evasive actions.</p> 
<p>Once Bai Ning Bing self-destructed, there would be an extreme change in the whole battle situation.</p> 
<p>"Try to hold on, unless you can't control it anymore, don't..." Fang Yuan shouted. He was refining the Gu with his back facing the entrance and could not see the concrete situation of the fight between Tie Ruo Nan and Bai Ning Bing.</p> 
<p>The response he received, however, was Bai Ning Bing's deep sigh —</p> 
<p>"It's too late."</p> 
<p>The next moment, Fang Yuan felt the cold aura spread everywhere in the main hall and the temperature decreased rapidly.</p> 
<p><em>Crack...</em></p> 
<p>There were continuous sounds of ice forming.</p> 
<p>"What Gu is this?" Tie Ruo Nan's cry of surprise also reached Fang Yuan's ears.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan turned his head with difficulty to look and saw the main hall already becoming a world of ice and snow. Bai Ning Bing was floating high up in the air, her whole body turning into ice crystal, similar to the situation when she had self-destructed back at Qing Mao mountain.</p> 
<p>The cold wind blustered and glaciers rose, crushing towards Tie Ruo Nan with vast and majestic force.</p> 
<p>Tie Ruo Nan had a fierce expression as she quickly retreated towards outside.</p> 
<p>However, the door of the main hall was already condensed into ice, she was like a turtle trapped in a jar and was surrounded by the icy layers.</p> 
<p>"Is this the legendary northern dark ice soul physique?" Tie Ruo Nan cried out in surprise. But it was already too late, she was sealed within the ice like an insect in an amber.</p> 
<p>The ice, however, did not stop spreading and was spreading towards Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"Bai Ning Bing? Bai Ning Bing!" Fang Yuan worriedly shouted, but there was no response from Bai Ning Bing.</p> 
<p>Her body had almost become one with ice and her whole face had started turning indistinct. Her crystal like eyes no longer shone and had thoroughly dimmed.</p> 
<p>"Damn it!" Fang Yuan's brain was hurting from the anxiety, the ice had already reached his body, he could only use Yang Gu.</p> 
<p>Yang Gu flew out and landed on Bai Ning Bing's body, immediately Yang aura and the icy coldness formed into a whirlpool of primeval essence; the scene back at Qing Mao mountain many years ago appeared once again!</p> 
<p>Ice stopped spreading but this distraction almost caused the Gu refinement to fail.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's heart thumped loudly in shock and he immediately concentrated all his attention without being concerned about the situation behind him.</p> 
<p>Under his efforts and control, the light clouds finally condensed into second aperture Gu!</p> 
<p>"Immortal Gu! I finally succeeded!!" Right now, Fang Yuan's heart was exploding with joy.</p> 
<p>All his efforts and all the risks he took had created a very satisfactory outcome!</p> 
<p><em>Pew!</em></p> 
<p>Right at this time, a sharp ice blade pierced through Fang Yuan's heart, piercing from behind him and coming out of his chest.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's pupils shrunk to needle-size and he looked behind with difficulty —</p> 
<p>"Bai Ning Bing? You!"</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, to think there would be a day where you fall into a trap!" Tie Ruo Nan slowly walked over, her gaze filled with hatred.</p>
    </body>
</html>
