<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 204: Carapace Gu and Crocodile Strength Gu</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 204: Carapace Gu and Crocodile Strength Gu</h1>
        
        <p>Ordinary Rank three Gu Masters, to deal with beast groups, they have to employ kiting tactics. Using primeval stones to recover their primeval essence, Bai Ning Bing's method of facing them head on and lasting until now, was already outstanding.</p> 
<p>If a Gu Master's primeval essence runs dry, their battle strength will drop down to rock bottom.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing started to look back at the cliff behind her, wondering if there was a way to escape.</p> 
<p>When she saw Fang Yuan's casual expression while he was leaning against the cliff, she flew into a rage, scolding, "Fang Yuan, I fight at the front lines, yet you watch the show behind me?!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan snorted, "The former Northern Dark Ice Soul physique, the grand Bai Ning Bing, can't even deal with a hundred beast group?"</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing was exasperated, "If you have the guts, then you go and fight!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed coldly, "If I had Rank three cultivation, it is enough to eliminate all these six legged crocodiles, why would I need you?"</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing breathed loudly, smoke coming out of her pores.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan said seriously, "Bai Ning Bing, I can tell you're used to fighting without restrain. You are a former Northern Dark Ice Soul physique, but now that you are A grade with 90%, if you still keep fighting like that your primeval essence will definitely be insufficient. An outstanding Gu Master will use their primeval essence in the most efficient way, never wasting a drop. From now on, battle according to my instructions. Your fighting method is too crude, you have to be more meticulous now."</p> 
<p>"Huh?" Bai Ning Bing's lips twitched, "My battle method isn't meticulous enough? Do you know how many times the clan leader and elders praised me, for being the number one skillful fighter in Bai clan?!"</p> 
<p>"What's there to compare with a bunch of scrubs? Listen closely..."</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing laughed coldly three times, but Fang Yuan continued talking.</p> 
<p>His voice entered Bai Ning Bing's ears; at first she was indifferent, but eventually, her expression changed.</p> 
<p>It went from disdain to seriousness, and finally, turning grave.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's words hit the nail right on the head. There was profound meaning in every word, perfectly describing her inability!</p> 
<p>This was the collection of his 500 years of life, the essence left behind through the accumulation of time. How could it not let this youngster, naive and innocent, be extremely shocked?</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan lived for 500 years, so he was as sly as a fox. His experience was something not even First gen Gu Yue or Sky Crane Lord could match with.</p> 
<p>These two old geezers lived for almost a thousand years, but most of their life was spent in deep sleep, retaining that last breath of theirs. Their true "living" phase, was merely two to three hundred years at most.</p> 
<p>If it was any other time, Bai Ning Bing upon hearing Fang Yuan's advice, would merely take it as a joke. She was a proud arrogant genius, even if she was shocked, she would not follow suit. But now, facing the crocodiles' pressure, her body could not help but execute what he said, and it showed an immediately effect.</p> 
<p>Six legged crocodiles continued to die, but her situation improved by leaps and bounds.</p> 
<p>Her primeval essence and stamina were depleted, but once she started using them carefully and reduced her meaningless attacks while increasing her attack effectiveness, it caused her primeval essence and stamina to slowly recover amidst battle.</p> 
<p>Fifteen minutes later, after at least half the pack of six legged crocodiles were injured and over two hundred corpses on the ground, they finally stopped attacking and started to retreat.</p> 
<p>Soon after, a large body appeared from under the water.</p> 
<p>It had two rows of sharp blade-like teeth. Its yellow vertical pupils reflected Bai Ning Bing's body as it emitted a cold killing intent.</p> 
<p>This was the six legged crocodile king.</p> 
<p>Hundred beast king level, Grand Crocodile king!</p> 
<p>Different from other six legged crocodiles, this crocodile king was larger like a yak, and it did not stand on six legs, but only moved with its two hind legs.</p> 
<p>It walked like humans, with a back as thick as a bear, and a scaly tail dragging a line across the beach.The other four feet that were free, were in a claw shape. Resembling four arms, they were thick and the muscles were tough as rocks.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing could not help but laugh bitterly.</p> 
<p>If she was fighting this hundred beast king alone, she could win. But now that she had undergone an intense battle and there was little primeval essence and stamina left in her, she could not deal with this hundred beast king who was in perfect condition.</p> 
<p>But at this time, Fang Yuan's voice came from behind her, "Catch."</p> 
<p>A blue and white light entered her aperture, turning into a lotus and rooting deep into her aperture sea.</p> 
<p>Immediately, her primeval sea level started rising!</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing was surprised and overjoyed: "What Gu is this?"</p> 
<p>"Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus." Fang Yuan said.</p> 
<p>"So this is the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus! No wonder First gen Gu Yue wanted it." Bai Ning Bing sighed again, then scolded, "You have such a Gu, why didn't you lend it to me earlier?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan chuckled, talking while minding his own business, "Thankfully this is only a hundred beast king. Remember, its weakness is that white skin near the chest."</p> 
<p>Saying so, his body faded like ripples on the water surface, and he slowly vanished.</p> 
<p>He activated the Stealth scale Gu.</p> 
<p>"Scheming and cunning!" Bai Ning Bing scolded, before focusing her gaze on the Grand Crocodile king.</p> 
<p>Only to see that on its chest, there was indeed a white skin, but it was only face- sized, and was protected by its four limbs. How could she strike that area easily?</p> 
<p>Howl!</p> 
<p>The Grand Crocodile king growled, before rushing at Bai Ning Bing.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing could only rely on herself and roll around desperately, evading the hits and flicking her wrist at the same time.</p> 
<p>Chainsaw Golden Centipede smashed on the Grand Crocodile king's back.</p> 
<p>Sparks flew as the Chainsaw Golden Centipede was rebounded, almost causing Bai Ning Bing to trip from the impact.</p> 
<p>There was a white scratch on the Grand Crocodile king's back armor, but other than that it was unfazed.</p> 
<p>Howl!</p> 
<p>It swung its tail, and winds flew.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing only saw a black whip approaching, thick, large and long. She could not evade it, so she was only able to activate the Sky Canopy Gu.</p> 
<p>With a bang, she was sent flying, landing tens of metres away. Afterwards, she slammed on the tough sturdy cliff walls.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing was in so much pain until she drew a deep breath. Sky Canopy Gu is a Rank three Gu, having great defense but it could not reduce the force from impacts.</p> 
<p>Bambambam...</p> 
<p>The Grand Crocodile king's thick strong legs left a strong imprint on the beach as it charged towards Bai Ning Bing.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing's eyes shone; seeing the Grand Crocodile king's attack, she did not move.</p> 
<p>The Grand Crocodile king came crashing with its imposing aura, flashing its claws. If it was any other person, they would be scared shitless or run away in fear, but Bai Ning Bing was after all Bai Ning Bing, possessing an iron will.</p> 
<p>"Twenty steps, fifteen steps, ten steps, five steps!" Seeing the Grand Crocodile king was near, at the final moment, Bai Ning Bing leapt.</p> 
<p>Bam!</p> 
<p>She narrowly evaded the Grand Crocodile king, and the latter crashed into the cliff walls, as large amount of debris fell and buried it."A beast is a beast after all!" Bai Ning Bing laughed loudly, about to chase after it, but suddenly thought of something and stopped.</p> 
<p>The next moment, the Grand Crocodile king's tail swept and sent the debris flying all over the place.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing observed silently, and a moment later the crocodile king finally got free.</p> 
<p>It was in a desperate state. Half its teeth were broken and blood flowed out of its nostrils; its golden pupils also turned red.</p> 
<p>It growled furiously at the sky and lowered its body, rushing towards Bai Ning Bing at an even faster speed.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing retreated, smiling as she dodged.</p> 
<p>Bam!</p> 
<p>With a huge bang, the cliff walls collapsed, and smoke flew everywhere......</p> 
<p>An hour later, the injured Grand Crocodile king covered its white skin in futile, as blood continued to ooze out of its wounds.</p> 
<p>Soon after, it plopped on the ground, on the beach that was completely wrecked by the battle.</p> 
<p>"This Blood Moon Gu is pretty useful huh. With that bleeding effect, I can kill that Grand Crocodile king so easily." Bai Ning Bing looked at the red moon insignia, thinking in her mind.</p> 
<p>After the crocodile king died, the remaining hundred six legged crocodiles lost their drive and morale, escaping into the river one by one.</p> 
<p>"Finally over." Bai Ning Bing shook the Chainsaw Golden Centipede on her hand away, sitting on the beach in exhaustion.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's figure came out of the shade, squatting at the crocodile king's corpse and searching.</p> 
<p>"Found it!" When he took back his hand, there was one Gu in each of his palms.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing seeing this, breathed heavily in anger. She fought so intensely with the crocodile king, finally killing it and chasing the crocodile group away. But the unscathed Fang Yuan came out to collect the battle rewards instead.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan took a close look.</p> 
<p>These two Gu, one was almost dying, but still struggling. It had a turtle shell, around palm-size, but its protruding surface was covered in crocodile scales.</p> 
<p>The Carapace Gu.</p> 
<p>Another was uninjured, but was not moving at all, letting Fang Yuan squish it with his fingers.</p> 
<p>The Crcocodile Strength Gu.</p> 
<p>It was very small, smaller than a finger. It was like a mini crocodile, with head, body and tail, but did not have any legs.</p> 
<p>Both the Carapace Gu and the Crcocodile Strength Gu were Rank two Gu worms.</p> 
<p>Normally, hundred beast kings have Rank two Gu living in them. In the thousand beast king, there was Rank three, and in the myriad beast king there was Rank four.</p> 
<p>"As I expected." Fang Yuan seeing the two Gu, did not feel strange. He was experienced and after observing the battle, he had seen through the crocodile king's abilities.</p> 
<p>Immediately, he leaked a little of the Spring Autumn Cicada's aura, and refined these two Gu with his primeval essence instantly.</p> 
<p>The Carapace Gu flew to Fang Yuan's back, forming a large scale insignia, like a tattoo. It extended from Fang Yuan's shoulder to his waist, covering his entire back.</p> 
<p>As with the name, it was a Gu that could enhance the defense of a Gu Master's back.</p> 
<p>Crcocodile Strength Gu turned into a dim yellow light, entering Fang Yuan's aperture.</p> 
<p>It was similar to the black and white boar Gu, able to increase the Gu Master's strength permanently, by the strength of a crocodile! It had high market value, normally a precious Gu worm without any available in the market.</p> 
<p>"This again, instantly refining a Gu worm!" Seeing this, Bai Ning Bing could not continue but be furious, as her pupils dilated to pin-size.</p> 
<p>When she fought Fang Yuan earlier, she found this secret.</p> 
<p>Back at the clan, she searched the records and checked up on some assistance-type Gu that can achieve this effect.</p> 
<p>But at this moment, as she witnessed the scene again, she felt that the truth might be different.</p> 
<p>"This guy has so many trump cards. Sky Canopy Gu, Blood Moon Gu and Chainsaw Golden Centipede aside, but even the Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus! His battle tactics are also completely superior to the clan's teachings. Also, what Gu did he use earlier?"</p> 
<p>Thinking of this, a cold chill went down Bai Ning Bing's spine.</p>
    </body>
</html>
