<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 274: Living Treasure Door</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 274: Living Treasure Door</h1>
        
        <p>"Exchange treasure?" The face on the huge door made funny faces towards the tiny Shang Yan Fei, teasing: "Little Fei Fei, are you going to take advantage of me again? I know we are old friends, but as the guardian of the treasure realm, I will not help you to steal from the inside. Although we are such old friends..."</p> 
<p>"How many times have I said it, can you change the way you call me?" Black lines appeared on Shang Yan Fei's forehead.</p> 
<p>"Then what do I call you? Little Yan Yan, Little Yan Fei or Little Yan Zi?"</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei quickly waved his hand, helplessly saying: "Nevermind, nevermind, do whatever you want. Let's get back to business, I am really here for exchanging treasure."</p> 
<p>"Ohhh..." The huge face dragged his words, evidently not satisfied yet: "Getting to business so soon, I wanted to talk more, this place is boring me to death."</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei sighed: "I am very busy, living treasure door. You know I am the Shang clan leader, it is no longer like before."</p> 
<p>"Sigh, nevermind, every generation of clan leaders are like that. I thought you would be different. I have no requirements this time, I just want somebody to complain to, the eons of waiting truly makes me empty and lonely..." Living treasure door sighed gloomily.</p> 
<p>"You are a door, what loneliness can you have? Can't you just sleep? "Shang Yan Fei's head was full of black lines.</p> 
<p>"Sleep? I can't fall asleep! You have no idea how hard it is to be alone..." Living treasure door started to blabber again.</p> 
<p>"I am not here to listen to your grudges, let's talk about business, real business." Shang Yan Fei coughed.</p> 
<p>"Oh, then let's do that." Living treasure door's face became solemn: "Sure if you want to exchange treasures, but I have a condition..."</p> 
<p>It dragged its words again.</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei had a bad feeling about this.</p> 
<p>He raised his eyebrows: "What condition, don't tell me...?"</p> 
<p>"Ah, looking at your expression, you've guessed it! That's right, that's right, I want you to dig my nose, dig my nose!" Living treasure door screamed excitedly.</p> 
<p>Dig my nose...</p> 
<p>Dig my...</p> 
<p>Dig...</p> 
<p>The loud voice continued to echo in the walkway.</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei's forehead was popping with veins: "Scoundrel, you're trying this again?"</p> 
<p>"My nose is really itchy, really itchy, I can't breathe properly. I have no hands, I cannot dig my nose myself like you humans, I am so pitiful. Ah... Little Fei Fei, my good friend, please help me, please dig my nose. As a reward, I will give you my treasured booger." Living treasure door sang out in a poetic tone.</p> 
<p>"Hey, enough is enough!" Shang Yan Fei clenched his fists, screaming out after he could control himself no longer.</p> 
<p>Living treasure door snorted, giving a 'what can you do to me' look.</p> 
<p>Then it started to chant...</p> 
<p>"Dig my nose!"</p> 
<p>"Dig my nose!"</p> 
<p>"Dig my nose!"</p> 
<p>"Dig my nose or no treasure for you. Dig my nose and you are a good boy..."</p> 
<p>The voice shook the air and caused the entire walkway to shake.</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei lowered his head, supporting his forehead as the sounds of 'dig my nose' reverberated the walkway.</p> 
<p>"Alright, alright, stop chanting, I'll do it okay?" Shang Yan Fei screamed out, completely helpless in his heart.</p> 
<p>Even if he is a rank five Gu Master, the lord of Shang clan, against the living treasure door, there was nothing he could do.</p> 
<p>After all, the treasure realm was left behind by Shang clan's ancestors, this was the work of a Gu immortal beyond rank five!</p> 
<p>"Oh yay——!" Living treasure door cried out in triumph, then it urged: "Quickly, quickly, I can't wait anymore."</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei's expression froze, as the corner of his eyes twitched, he stretched out his right hand.</p> 
<p>On the palm of his right hand, there was a tiny tattoo in the shape of a palm, blood red in color.</p> 
<p>He activated his primeval essence, and the blood tattoo flew out, turning into a giant bright red hand.</p> 
<p>Rank five — Blood Handprint Gu!</p> 
<p>Whoever is hit by this palm, be it birds, beasts, worms or fish, as long as they had blood flowing in them, they would turn into a puddle of blood. It had great strength and a threatening effect, Shang Yan Fei used it to dominate the southern border, establishing his fierce name.</p> 
<p>But right now, he used the blood handprint to satisfy living treasure door's weird request...</p> 
<p>Digging its nose.</p> 
<p>The bright red palm, turned into a fist, then stretched out its index finger, and entered the living treasure door's nostrils.</p> 
<p>Living treasure door hummed: "Yes, that's it!"</p> 
<p>"Ahh... it feels so good..."</p> 
<p>"Deeper, that's right, a little deeper!"</p> 
<p>"More strength please, it feels better if you're rougher."</p> 
<p>"Ohh... that was too good..."</p> 
<p>"Little Fei Fei, your technique is superb."</p> 
<p>"Ah... ah... ahhh... CHOO!" Living treasure door opened its mouth, sneezing loudly.</p> 
<p>Numerous red, yellow, blue, and green "booger" were blown out.</p> 
<p>If one looked properly, the red one was typhoon mountain pepper, a god-like extinct refinement aiding material. The yellow was worry soil, one of the ingredients used to refine a rank six Gu. The blue was ice heart, only at the center of a ten million year old ice mountain can one of these grow. The green was the grass skirt Gu, rank five without any defensive ability, but once a Gu Master uses it, it can give them a grass skirt that is able to absorb primeval energy from the air, replenishing the primeval essence in the aperture rapidly!</p> 
<p>"Alright, my breathing is smooth again. These booger are your gift. I do not want to eat them again, that is too disgusting." Living treasure door sniffed after sneezing, feeling extremely satisfied.</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei kept these items, before sighing: "Can we get to business now?"</p> 
<p>"Of course, of course, what does Little Fei Fei want?" Living treasure door's mood was much better.</p> 
<p>"I remember that there is still a rank five man triumphing heaven Gu, I want to exchange for it." Shang Yan Fei replied.</p> 
<p>Living treasure door showed a curious gaze: "Man triumphing heaven Gu, it has the ability to defy heaven and change fate, forcefully awakening an aperture for those mortals without cultivating talent. This Gu is extremely precious, Little Fei Fei, although we have a close friendship, and you have dug my nose many times, the treasure realm's rules cannot be defied. If you want to exchange for this Gu, you will need to offer a Gu with even greater value to the treasure realm."</p> 
<p>"Can you stop mentioning the digging of your nose?" Shang Yan Fei's veins were popping as he called out a Gu.</p> 
<p>This Gu was like a baby's palm, tender and plump, while clear as crystal. There were red blood veins within the palm, causing the palm to emit a ghostly aura.</p> 
<p>Living treasure door saw this Gu and exclaimed: "Eh, you are giving up the blood handprint Gu? Little Fei Fei, I remember this is one of your most useful Gu. Weren't you collecting the blood sea inheritance? Have you given up your aspiration from young?"</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei sighed helplessly: "The total number of blood sea inheritances are almost uncountable, yet the true inheritances are hidden among them, the difficulty is simply too high. Even if I use the Shang clan to investigate, after all these years, I have only gotten two of them. I want the man triumphing heaven Gu, but my other precious Gu cannot be given up, I have to temporarily sacrifice the blood handprint Gu. Someday, I might come back to redeem it."</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei's Gu worms were mostly from the blood sea inheritance, causing him to specialize in the bloodline path.</p> 
<p>Because of this, when Shang Xin Ci entered Shang clan city, he could detect it immediately.</p> 
<p>"Okay then, since you've made your decision." Living treasure door opened its mouth, and swallowed the blood handprint Gu."</p> 
<p><em>Gulp.</em></p> 
<p>With a loud sound, the blood handprint Gu entered the treasure realm.</p> 
<p>Next, it regurgitated, and opened its mouth, throwing up one Gu.</p> 
<p>This Gu was like a thousand year ginseng, with many roots and a yellow body. Its lustre was dim, as the upper part resembled a body, but the lower part diverged, like a pair of legs.</p> 
<p>This was the man triumphing heaven Gu.</p> 
<p>"Quickly refine it, once out of the treasure realm, in three breaths, this Gu will regain its wild nature. It will be too difficult to refine it then." Living treasure door urged.</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei nodded, and activated his purple crystal primeval essence, instantly refining this man triumphing heaven Gu.</p> 
<p>"Hehehe, with this Gu, I can awaken Ci Er's aperture! Now, I just need a few more Gu to raise her aptitude, and assist her to cultivate. Then, I can recruit Fang and Bai, to act as her wings. Ci Er, I will make sure you are happy, but in this world, strength is the prerequisite to all happiness!" Shang Yan Fei kept the man triumphing heaven Gu, as his emotions surged.</p> 
<p>"I am leaving, living treasure door." He said to the door.</p> 
<p>"Hey, hey, hey, so soon? Stay and talk to me, I am really bored to death." Living treasure door anxiously asked.</p> 
<p>But the blood flames flickered, and Shang Yan Fei vanished.</p> 
<p>"Ah, this scoundrel, he left me alone again. I am so pitiful, so bored, so tired..." Living treasure door's grumblings could be heard echoing in the walkway.</p> 
<p>...</p> 
<p>Another feast with fine wine and delicious food, as people interacted in a heated atmosphere.</p> 
<p>"Brother Wei, brother Xiao Yan, come, another glass!" Fang Yuan stood up and shouted loudly as he raised his glass, while Bai Ning Bing watched emotionlessly as she ate her food.</p> 
<p>Wei Yang, Xiao Yan raised their glasses at the same time, as the three glasses collided roughly, causing the wine to spill all over the table and dishes.</p> 
<p>Back at the battle zone, Fang Yuan wanted to treat them to dinner, but Xiao Yan took the initiative to do so. This time, he kept his word, inviting these two to a feast at a huge restaurant.</p> 
<p>"To think that brother Fang Zheng would be the one who saved Shang clan leader's precious daughter. <em>Good people truly get rewarded</em>. Purple thorn token, hehe, I am extremely envious." Xiao Yan was a cheerful and honest person, not hiding his envy at all.</p> 
<p>He had lived in Shang clan city for many years, he knew what the purple thorn token entailed.</p> 
<p>Wei Yang put down his glass: "What are the two of you going to do from now on?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan then answered: "We plan to stay in Shang clan city for a while, and sell the useless Gu we have. Next, we will buy a set of complementary Gu worms."</p> 
<p>"Excellent, that is the proper thing to do. If you did not have such plans, I would have reminded you to do so anyway." Wei Yang raised his thumb as he cheered in his heart, Fang and Bai staying here meant that there was a greater chance of recruiting them.</p> 
<p>"If the both of you do not mind, you can tell us your plans. Big brother Wei is very knowledgeable, he can give you good advice. My fire Gu path was also recommended by big brother Wei." Xiao Yan said at the corner.</p>
    </body>
</html>
