<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 270: Reward by Shang Yan Fei</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 270: Reward by Shang Yan Fei</h1>
        
        <p>"Daughter?"</p> 
<p>The gang of young masters showed an astonished expression, looking towards one another.</p> 
<p>Shang Ya Zi realized at once, patting his own forehead.</p> 
<p><em>So this was it! This was why father met the two with courtesy!</em></p> 
<p>The mysterious veil was lifted, and Shang Ya Zi looked towards Fang Yuan, great hatred hidden in his gaze.</p> 
<p>He was no longer afraid.</p> 
<p>Now that he knew the reason, after the evaluation when he regains his footing, he would slowly deal with those two scoundrels!</p> 
<p>At once, the place fell into silence.</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei smiled as he observed the people, giving them time to absorb the new information.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan "cooperatively" expressed shock, as he was a little stunned, and muttered with a suspicious gaze: "Don't tell me?"</p> 
<p>"That's right." Shang Yan Fei looked towards him, nodding: "It is that Lady Zhang both of you escorted and protected in the caravan. She is my daughter, once she stepped into Shang clan city, I detected her bloodline and have already reunited with her."</p> 
<p>"Zhang Xin Ci!" Bai Ning Bing immediately followed.</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei laughed heartily: "Hehehe, she is no longer Zhang now, but Shang. Both of you saved the life of my precious daughter, you are the benefactor of my Shang clan, thus you deserve a toast from us."</p> 
<p>Saying so, the door was opened by someone lightly.</p> 
<p>The young female Gu Master Tian Lan wore a servant attire as she pushed the door open, returning to Shang Xin Ci's side.</p> 
<p>"Missy..." Xiao Die looked at the courtyard full of people, and felt nervous.</p> 
<p>"Let's go in." Shang Xin Ci breathed out calmly, under everyone's watchful gaze, walked into the courtyard.</p> 
<p>Suddenly, her steps halted, showing surprise and joy on her face.</p> 
<p>She saw Fang and Bai.</p> 
<p>"It really is her!" Seeing Shang Xin Ci, Bai Ning Bing's pupils shrunk to pin-size as she was completely and utterly stunned!</p> 
<p>In the entire courtyard, no one could understand the shock in her heart.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing's shock was not from Shang Xin Ci, but Fang Yuan instead.</p> 
<p>She was an intelligent person, the moment she saw Shang Xin Ci, she understood at once, what Fang Yuan's true motive was!</p> 
<p>Zhang Xin Ci is Shang Xin Ci, thus he protected her.</p> 
<p><em>How did he know her identity? Was this all part of his scheme?!</em></p> 
<p>At that moment, Bai Ning Bing's thoughts whirled as a storm brew in her heart.</p> 
<p>"Brother Hei Tu, sister Bai Yun, why are you here?" Shang Xin Ci stared at Fang Yuan without blinking, her eyes shining brightly.</p> 
<p>"Ci Er, father said I would give you a surprise, didn't I?" Shang Yan Fei laughed gently.</p> 
<p>Shang Xin Ci bowed and paid respects: "Thank you father, this is the happiest day I've had since coming to Shang clan city."</p> 
<p>After the initial chaos, she had already accepted Shang Yan Fei as her birth father.</p> 
<p>No matter how much her father had let down her mother, he was still her family!</p> 
<p>Even if Shang Xin Ci had grudge and hatred towards Shang Yan Fei, the kinship that tied them together could not be severed, especially for a kind lady like her.</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei heard her call him father for the first time, and his lips curled up, showing a radiant smile.</p> 
<p>Shang Xin Ci turned around again, showing anxiety, as she explained to Fang Yuan: "Brother Hei Tu, I was not intentionally lying to you. After mother passed away, she instructed me to come to Shang clan city. I only understood her efforts and the truth after meeting father."</p> 
<p>The words were like lightning bolts striking Bai Ning Bing's heart.</p> 
<p>Her blue eyes squinted into a line, as her heart was filled with surprise and confusion: <em>Even Shang Xin Ci did not know her identity? Why? Why does Fang Yuan know everything?</em></p> 
<p>Originally, Fang Yuan was shrouded in a mist in her heart, unable to observe him clearly.</p> 
<p>But now, the mist thickened, and Fang Yuan became even more mysterious and unpredictable!</p> 
<p>"So that's it, I was wondering why Shang clan was treating me so well. So this is the reason..." Fang Yuan sighed as he raised his head, then slowly shook his head, exclaiming: "To think, to think that you are Shang clan leader's daughter!"</p> 
<p>"Brother Hei Tu, can you forgive me?" Shang Xin Ci gripped her hand, asking nervously.</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei frowned lightly, seeing his daughter's attitude, he knew that she held him in high regard.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed: "No matter, why would I blame you. The unknowing party is innocent, in fact, I have lied to you too."</p> 
<p>"What?" Shang Xin Ci froze.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan rubbed his nose: "Hei Tu, Bai Yun are just fake names."</p> 
<p>Shang Xin Ci smiled gently, lightly saying: "I guessed that long ago."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan hesitated deliberately, then gritted his teeth and cupped his fist: "I am ashamed, my real name is Gu Yue Fang Zheng, this is my companion Bai Ning Bing."</p> 
<p>"Gu Yue Fang Zheng, Fang Zheng..." Shang Xin Ci repeated this name several times, memorising it to heart.</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei's smiled also widened, he appreciated Fang Yuan's honesty.</p> 
<p>The truth is, he had investigated long ago.</p> 
<p>Although Gu Yue clan was wiped out, Shang clan had its ways to find out information from Jia clan.</p> 
<p>Gu Yue village had this person called Gu Yue Fang Zheng, and this person had A grade aptitude, and was the young clan leader candidate.</p> 
<p>At the same time, Bai Ning Bing was the Bai clan's young clan leader candidate.</p> 
<p>The two were hailed as geniuses.</p> 
<p>As for why they had to hide themselves and sneak into the caravan, this was easier to investigate.</p> 
<p>Because of Bai Gu mountain's inheritance, Bai clan's two young masters died in their hands. At the same time, they took over half of the inheritance away.</p> 
<p>Bai clan issued an arrest warrant which was the best proof.</p> 
<p>"So that's why my heart was palpitating earlier." Shang Pu Lao laughed.</p> 
<p>"This child congratulates lord father." Shang Bi Xi said.</p> 
<p>"If you face any problems, tell big brother." Shang Qiu Niu looked at Shang Xin Ci and said.</p> 
<p>"This is awesome, I have a new sister. This banquet was worth coming." Shang Chi Wen laughed.</p> 
<p>...</p> 
<p>The young masters recovered from their shock, and quickly showed their affection.</p> 
<p>"This is a joyful occasion for us all, because you have all gotten a new blood related sister." Shang Yan Fei looked at his children, extremely clear of their mental state.</p> 
<p><em>"Shang Xin Ci's appearance is no doubt a threat."</em></p> 
<p><em>"From now on, there would be one more person vying for the young master position."</em></p> 
<p><em>"Back then, wasn't Shang Tuo Hai father's illegitimate child? Right now he is the Shang clan young clan leader!"</em></p> 
<p><em>"Actually there is no need to worry, Zhang clan is a subsidiary of Wu clan, and have enmity with Shang clan. Shang Xin Ci has no foundation here, she is easy to deal with."</em></p> 
<p>The young masters showed a smiling face, but their hearts were weighing the situation.</p> 
<p><em>The imperial family has no place for kinship.</em></p> 
<p>The emperor's throne is crucial for the greatest benefits, not even kinship can complete.</p> 
<p>Shang clan is the southern border overlord, whoever rises to the position of clan leader in the future would be one of the parties that had a say in the entire southern border. High and mighty, ascending to the peak of the mortal realm, the benefits were unbelievable.</p> 
<p>Which generation of Shang clan leader did not undergo a ferocious battle, before they ascended to the position painstakingly?</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei had gone through this before, so he was clear of the situation right now.</p> 
<p>Thus, his heart went out to Shang Xin Ci even more.</p> 
<p>Right now, by announcing her identity, although it was to protect her, it also threw her into this spiral of competition.</p> 
<p>"Come, Ci Er, sit here." Shang Yan Fei patted the seat below him, saying.</p> 
<p>"Yes." Shang Xin Ci replied, looking deeply at Fang Yuan as Fang Yuan nodded at her with a smile.</p> 
<p>Shang Xin Ci walked over, sitting beside Shang Yan Fei.</p> 
<p>Xiao Lan, Xiao Die, these two servants were close behind her.</p> 
<p>Seeing this, everyone's expression was strange.</p> 
<p>Since they were born, they had never seen father love one of his children to this extent.</p> 
<p>Even his illegitimate son Shang Tuo Hai did not receive such treatment!</p> 
<p>"Alright, all of you, take a seat." Shang Yan Fei waved his hand, looking towards Fang and Bai again.</p> 
<p>He spoke: "Gu Yue Fang Zheng, Bai Ning Bing, the two of you saved my precious daughter, and escorted her here. Our family is deeply indebted to you, if you have any requests, you may say it now. As the Shang clan leader, I will do my best to satisfy your needs."</p> 
<p>The young masters turned to look at Fang and Bai, with a look of envy.</p> 
<p>This was the gratitude of Shang clan leader, a promise by the southern border overlord, his words were as heavy as a mountain!</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan shook his head: "Lord clan leader, the reason we protected Lady Shang Xin Ci is due to her previous kindness. Our debt has already been repaid, we do not owe each other anything."</p> 
<p>As he said so, everyone showed a shocked expression.</p> 
<p>Shang Fu Xi quickly reacted, squinting, praising the ingenuity of the answer.</p> 
<p>Fang and Bai saved the Shang Yan Fei's daughter, he had to reward them handsomely. If he does not, how would outsiders look at Shang clan? If any Shang clan young master encountered danger in the future, who would help them?</p> 
<p>Shang Xin Ci saw Fang Yuan rejecting the reward, and quickly got anxious, saying to Shang Yan Fei: "Father, during the caravan trip, brother Hei Tu lost much of his assets too."</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei was a brilliant man, before Shang Xin Ci finished her words, he understood her intentions. This was to sought money for Fang and Bai.</p> 
<p>He nodded: "Since both of you are Gu Masters, I shall gift a million primeval stones to express my thanks."</p> 
<p>Hearing this, many young masters almost drooled.</p> 
<p>Although they controlled much of Shang clan's assets, but it was under everyone's supervision and there was a yearly evaluation, they could hardly line their own pockets.</p> 
<p>Shang Ya Zi had talent, but was too greedy, causing his business results to be in jeopardy.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan shook his head again: "To speak the truth, I had gone through a peril situation to snatch an inheritance. After selling the recipe, I no longer lack primeval stones."</p> 
<p>"Oh, is that so." Shang Yan Fei looked at Shang Ya Zi with deep meaning.</p> 
<p>Shang Ya Zi was so scared his heart nearly jumped out, his mouth went dry and cold sweat gathered on his forehead.</p> 
<p>Regarding Shang Ya Zi's matter, how could Shang Yan Fei not know? Even if he faked the accounting, what happened could be easily guessed.</p> 
<p>But Shang Ya Zi was still his own son, even if he violated the Shang clan rules, as long as it was not exposed, that counts as his skill too.</p> 
<p>Being at this position, he had learnt long ago: Obeying the rules was not an ability, true ability lies in breaking the rules to gain benefits, yet not receiving punishment. Those with true capabilities demolish the old order, while establishing new rules and enjoying the benefits along the way.</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei used this chance to remind Shang Ya Zi, before he gave another reward for them to consider.</p> 
<p>Shang Xin Ci only heard half of it, before her eyes glowed intensely.</p> 
<p>This was exactly what Fang and Bai needed the most!</p>
    </body>
</html>
