<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 403: Bai Ning Bing, have you acted enough?</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 403: Bai Ning Bing, have you acted enough?</h1>
        
        <p>"Killlllll..."</p> 
<p>"Charge through!"</p> 
<p>"Kill these goddamn dogs!"</p> 
<p>Shouting, screaming, shrieking, cursing, dog barking, all these sounds merged into one, causing the ground to tremble.</p> 
<p>The attack had just begun for ten minutes, but the mound was already overflowing with blood and corpses.</p> 
<p>"Sir Chou Jiu, we are slow, with this kind of pace, when will we ever get into the bronze hall!" Mo Wu Tian urged.</p> 
<p>Chou Jiu snickered: "The dog groups are huge, is it that easy to get through? It is better that we are slow, the righteous path will take on more pressure for us, we can benefit from the chaos better."</p> 
<p>Chou Jiu was already Fang Yuan's slave, his greatest wish is to continue stalling for time.</p> 
<p>Earlier, the righteous and demonic factions were at a stalemate, but this Mo Wu Tian had to ruin it by finding Xiao Mang to cooperate. Chou Jiu could not stop him, he could only go with the flow.</p> 
<p>After starting the assault, he tried his best to slow them down.</p> 
<p>They had planned to attack from two directions, but because of killer ghost doctor's manipulation, it caused the righteous faction to be further in the advancement, thus taking more hits. Meanwhile, the demonic path had less losses, but the assault's momentum was slowly, they were in danger of being surrounded.</p> 
<p>"Chou Jiu, what are you thinking of! You are too muddled, we have to charge with vigor, how can we move so slowly? You are old and confused, can't you see? Our group is already in deep trouble, once our movement stops, we will be surrounded, we will be in greater danger than the righteous path!" Mo Wu Tian was stomping his feet in anger, shouting.</p> 
<p>Chou Jiu stared with his eyes wide open, shouting back: "Mo Wu Tian, you junior, why are you screaming for nothing, what do you know? Doing it your way, how many people did we lose earlier! Later when we compete with the righteous faction for the immortal treasure, they will be our enemy, we have to weaken them!"</p> 
<p>Saying so, Chou Jiu's tone changed, consoling softly: "Oh young man, it is not wise to charge ahead recklessly."</p> 
<p>Because of what happened earlier, the majority of the demonic Gu Masters supported Chou Jiu and objected to Mo Wu Tian.</p> 
<p>Mo Wu Tian's heart was furious, as he raised his head and screamed: "Old fool Chou Jiu, we have different opinions! You all can wait here and die, I am going to get my immortal treasure!"</p> 
<p>Saying so, he moved ahead and charged towards the bronze hall.</p> 
<p>Hu Mei Er, Li Xian and the others felt that Mo Wu Tian was right, they wanted to go ahead but their strength was insufficient, they could only go with the crowd.</p> 
<p>"Youngsters are so rash." Chou Jiu sighed, then laughed: "Look, after being psyched by me, he is taking on the pressure for us. We will steadily move ahead, using the road that he paved for us, perfect!"</p> 
<p>Everyone laughed, praising Chou Jiu's brilliance.</p> 
<p>Countless dogs formed into a wave, as thousands of Gu Masters resisted them.</p> 
<p>Blood flowed and broken limbs flew. All sorts of Gu worms competed, like the dance of fire and ice, lightning exploded and soil was overturned, green vines grew endlessly.</p> 
<p>Yi Chong's body was covered in blue fish scales, black fins growing on his back with a light blue spiral wave around him. He seemed to have become a fearsome shark in the sea, charging ahead fearlessly.</p> 
<p>Yi Huo turned into the god of fire, charging ahead as he slaughtered, everywhere he went, there was blazing flames and crying dogs.</p> 
<p>Yan Jun used the phantom path Gu worm, turning into a hollow shadow as he evaded attacks again and again, safe and sound.</p> 
<p>Li Xian used his rank five Gu and concealed his body while people were not noticing.</p> 
<p>Kong Ri Tian turning into a rain of petals, floating in the sky.</p> 
<p>The experts displayed all their abilities, getting close to the bronze hall. Among them, two were at the frontlines, and were the most prominent.</p> 
<p>It was none other than Xiao Mang and Mo Wu Tian.</p> 
<p>But good times did not last, Ba Huang and Ying Ming, the two dog emperors appeared, blocking their advancement like last time.</p> 
<p>"It is time." At the frontlines, Tie Ruo Nan was bathed in blood as she stopped her footsteps, resting as she breathed heavily.</p> 
<p>Tie clan's four old-timers were guarding by her side, other than that, there was Tie Bai Qi.</p> 
<p>"We are a few thousand steps from the bronze hall, there are many dogs here, it is up to you, Lord Tie Bai Qi." Tie Ruo Nan said.</p> 
<p>"Hehehe, I have been watching the whole time, my hands are itching already!" Tie Bai Qi took off his hat, showing off the third eye on his forehead.</p> 
<p><em>Pew!</em></p> 
<p>He activated his Gu worm, pushing the space before him with both hands, forming a black hole.</p> 
<p>The black hole continued to spin, as numerous white apes jumped out.</p> 
<p>The white ape army gushed out, forming into a strong formation as it charged towards the bronze hall.</p> 
<p>"Young master, go ahead. I will block them here." TIe Bai Qi's tone was confident and powerful.</p> 
<p>"We'll be counting on you, the Immortal Gu is most important, for the clan, we have to arrest Fang Yuan alive!" Tie Ruo Nan gritted her teeth, waving her hand and bringing the Tie clan four old-timers and starting their invasion.</p> 
<p>With the white ape army to cover for them and sacrifice, Tie Ruo Nan successfully made it into the hall.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was still refining Gu, he could not do anything else!</p> 
<p>Land spirit wanted to strike, but Fang Yuan stopped it: "Ba Gui, don't force yourself! You have to control the dog groups while manipulating the immortal essence to assist me in refining Gu, how can you be further distracted? Bai Ning Bing, it will be up to you now, go block her!"</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing snorted coldly, squinting her eyes as he blocked Tie Ruo Nan, engaging in fierce combat.</p> 
<p>In the space before Fang Yuan, cloud smoke was moving violently.</p> 
<p>In his previous life, he had already used third watch Gu by this time. But now, without Feng Tian Yu's help, Fang Yuan's progress was extremely slow, he had just thrown in the five hundred year lifespan Gu.</p> 
<p>Without the refinement master Feng Tian Yu, Fang Yuan felt difficulty controlling the cloud smoke.</p> 
<p>The cloud smoke reacted violently, causing Fang Yuan to almost fail several times, but he managed to salvage it every time.</p> 
<p>Behind him, as Tie and Bai fought, Tie clan's four old-timers joined in.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing could not rival them, as she fell into a disadvantage, shouting: "Fang Zheng, I can't hold them back anymore, how long more do you need!"</p> 
<p>The cloud smoke had finally absorbed the lifespan Gu, turning into the blood fields, golden wheat, filled with crops. It was the 'five hundred years as autumn' scene.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's voice was nervous: "Hang in there, I need a lot of time!"</p> 
<p>"If I die, you will not live too..." Bai Ning Bing cursed continuously.</p> 
<p>Several moves later, Bai Ning Bing gasped roughly: "I can't continue! Fang Yuan, I am going to self-destruct!"</p> 
<p>"Your aptitude has already returned to a hundred percent?" Fang Yuan was startled.</p> 
<p>"What do you think!" Bai Ning Bing cursed.</p> 
<p>The cloud smoke was slowly maturing, dissipating. From a water tank's size, it shrunk to a basin's size.</p> 
<p>"Try to hold on, unless you can't control it anymore, don't..." Fang Yuan shouted.</p> 
<p>"It is too late." Bai Ning Bing sighed deeply.</p> 
<p><em>Crack crack...</em></p> 
<p>Frost quickly gathered, as the cold aura spread everywhere in the main hall and the temperature decrease rapidly.</p> 
<p>"What Gu is this?" Tie Ruo Nan's cry of surprise also reached Fang Yuan's ears.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan turned his head with difficulty to look and saw the main hall already becoming a world of ice and snow. Bai Ning Bing was floating high up in the air, her whole body turning into ice crystal, similar to the situation when she had self-destructed back at Qing Mao mountain.</p> 
<p>The cold wind blustered and glacier rose, crushing towards Tie Ruo Nan with vast and majestic force.</p> 
<p>"Is this the legendary Northern Dark Ice Soul physique?" Tie Ruo Nan cried out in surprise. But it was already too late, she was sealed within the ice like an insect in an amber.</p> 
<p>The ice continued spreading towards Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"Bai Ning Bing? Bai Ning Bing!" Fang Yuan worriedly shouted, but there was no response from Bai Ning Bing.</p> 
<p>Her body had almost become one with ice and her whole face had started turning indistinct. Her crystal like eyes no longer shone and had thoroughly dimmed.</p> 
<p>"Damn it!" Fang Yuan cursed, standing up and sending the Yang Gu towards Bai Ning Bing.</p> 
<p>But halfway, the Yang Gu made a u-turn, and returned to Fang Yuan's right hand.</p> 
<p>At the same time, the cloud smoke turned into a Gu worm, landing on Fang Yuan's left hand.</p> 
<p>This Gu was like a peanut shell, golden and dazzling, the markings on the surface resembles bright red blood traces.</p> 
<p>Earlier, the fake second aperture Gu could only live for a week, and was not stable. But this new Gu could survive for forty years!</p> 
<p>"Hehehe." Fang Yuan raised his head and laughed, using liquid metal Gu and blocking the frost.</p> 
<p>Then he said to Bai Ning Bing: "Bai Ning Bing, have you acted enough?"</p> 
<p>The frost came to a stop.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed again, saying: "Did you have a good time cooperating with Tie clan?"</p> 
<p>This time, Bai Ning Bing could not longer act, she turned back into flesh body and stared at Fang Yuan with a shocked and solemn suspicion: "How did you!"</p> 
<p>"In Shang clan city, you purposely lost to Yan Tu, getting Doctor Su Shou's help to remove the poison vow, and then secretly contacted Tie Ruo Nan. On San Cha mountain, you plotted together with the four old-timers... all these, did you think I was ignorant?" Fang Yuan played with the two Gu in his hands as he said.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing landed on the ground with a dazed expression, stunned beyond words.</p> 
<p><em>"How did Fang Yuan find out all these? I was extremely secretive. This means, he was always watching coldly at my performance! Wait, I succeeded in planting the fixed star Gu though..."</em></p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, you demon, so what if you found out! You can't escape today, there is nowhere to run!" Tie Ruo Nan saw that the matter was exposed and quickly broke out of the ice, as the four old-timers joined her.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan chuckled, raising his left arm: "You mean the fixed star Gu? What if I chop off my arm?"</p> 
<p>Tie clan's four old-timers frowned deeply.</p> 
<p>Once Fang Yuan chopped off his arm, even if they used their killer move, they would only get his arm.</p> 
<p>According to their understanding of Fang Yuan, sacrificing his left forearm was nothing to this cruel and wicked person.</p> 
<p>"Hahaha!" Tie Ruo Nan suddenly laughed.</p> 
<p>She pointed at Fang Yuan, shouting: "Fang Yuan, stop trying to deceive us! So what if you saw through our scheme? The dog group outside the hall cannot block the two factions. Soon, Xiao Mang, Chou Jiu, Mo Wu Tian, Yi Huo, Yi Chong and the others would charge in, can you defend the Immortal Gu?"</p> 
<p>"You are a frenzied lunatic, killing so many Gu Masters and plundering their apertures to refine Gu. These crimes are unforgivable, Bai Ning Bing is the best witness! As long as we announce it to the world, you will be a wanted criminal everywhere. More importantly, your Immortal Gu is not done refining yet!"</p> 
<p>"Do you still have a chance of succeeding? Impossible! You have no time left, not long later, this hall will be overrun by people, where can you run to? Try flying out? Hehe, you only way out now is to surrender to our Tie clan, and contribute that half-done Immortal Gu to us, as well as surrender the old clan leader's Gu worms, and enter the Demon Suppression Tower for reform, that's the only way you can keep your life."</p>
    </body>
</html>
