<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 208: Escape</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 208: Escape</h1>
        
        <p>An hour later, the lava crocodile king cried out one last time before it went silent.</p> 
<p>Soon after, Bai Ning Bing and Fang Yuan heard the sound of the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant pecking its food.</p> 
<p>But Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant 's appetite was huge, and one lava crocodile king could not satisfy its hunger.</p> 
<p>This night, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing did not sleep.</p> 
<p>After the lava crocodile king's cries, they heard the white ape's screaming, the poison swallowing toad's screech, and the fluttering of the bee groups. Most importantly, there was the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant's loud cry.</p> 
<p>Only until evening did the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant fly into the skies, drawing a rainbow behind its path.</p> 
<p>Seeing the trail of the rainbow disappearing in the sky, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing finally dared to walk out of the cave.</p> 
<p>The two came to the original valley.</p> 
<p>The valley was completely wrecked, half destroyed. The lava crocodile king laid belly side-up on the ground, as dead as it could be.</p> 
<p>Its stomach was pried open by the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant, and the flesh and intestines within were all eaten. Only its remaining skeleton held together by the dark red crocodile skin was left.</p> 
<p>The two searched for a while.</p> 
<p>They soon found a red glass fragment — this was the remains of the flame stomach Gu.</p> 
<p>Evidently, the lava crocodile king activated the flame stomach gu for defense, but it was forcefully defeated by the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant , causing the flame stomach gu to be destroyed.</p> 
<p>As for the other two Gu; lava explosion and accumulating ash Gu, they were nowhere to be found.</p> 
<p>This was nothing strange.</p> 
<p>Once the host dies, the Gu worms inhibiting the wild beasts' bodies will leave and roam around like they've lost their homes.</p> 
<p>Accumulating ash Gu was a very ideal healing Gu, perfect for Fang Yuan's situation.</p> 
<p>But things did not go according to one's will most of the time.</p> 
<p>Not obtaining the accumulating ash Gu was within Fang Yuan's expectations. But, they did not return empty-handed.</p> 
<p>There was still some flesh left in the lava crocodile king's corpse.</p> 
<p>The Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant ate most of the corpse, but left behind some scraps that Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing could take.</p> 
<p>After working for an afternoon, they finally cut out all the meat and stored it in the tusita flower.</p> 
<p>"These crocodile meat is enough to feed the crocodile strength Gu for three months. Let's explore other areas."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing came to the territory of the white apes.</p> 
<p>The dense forest earlier had white ape groups playing and swinging around.</p> 
<p>But now everywhere there was broken trees, with white ape limbs in the mix, some old, crippled or young apes defended the corpses of their kin as they cried out loud, the entire forest covered in an atmosphere of sadness and devastation.</p> 
<p>The Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant had caused a catastrophe to this thousand beast group the night before. Right now only two or three hundred were left, and the last few hundred beast king white apes were all injured.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing stared with shining eyes, "Right now the white ape group is at their weakest, shall we attack?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan stopped her.</p> 
<p>Not that he pitied these white apes, but knew that in a way, they were even more dangerous now.</p> 
<p>"An army burning with righteous indignation is bound to win; don't mess with these white apes. Once you do, they'll attack in rage, relentlessly attacking until we're dead. Those few hundred beast kings, although they are injured, it is not something you can deal with alone."</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing hearing so, looked at Fang Yuan before giving up on her plan to attack.</p> 
<p>The two moved towards the southwest area; towards the rotten swamp.</p> 
<p>The swamp had turned into a completely different sight, ravaged by the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant.</p> 
<p>Their living environment had been greatly destroyed, and the swamp's major forces were redistributed. Although the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant left, the swamp was not in peace. All sorts of poisonous beings were killing each other, in chaos.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing stood at the fringe of the swamp; in only a while, they saw three battles occurring.</p> 
<p>One sight was of two brightly colored poisonous snakes battling, until one was swallowed by the other. But not long after, a crab-sized scorpion came and stabbed the poisonous snake to death.</p> 
<p>The second battle was between a poison powder moth and an eerie blue toad. When battle ensued, the toad stretched its tongue and swallowed the moth. A moment later, the moth died of suffocation in the toad's mouth, but the toad was also poisoned to death by the powder.</p> 
<p>The third battle was between a face-sized black spider, coming out from the mud. Its body was covered in ants, after a while the ants won, and completely devoured the spider.</p> 
<p>Seeing such a chaotic scene, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing left immediately.</p> 
<p>Finally they came to the nest of the frenzy needle bee group.</p> 
<p>The house-like beehive had collapsed completely, the surroundings was quiet, not a single frenzy needle bee was left.</p> 
<p>The two got closer.</p> 
<p>Immediately, the fragrant smell of sesame entered Bai Ning Bing's nose as she sniffed, "What smell is that?"</p> 
<p>"The smell of the beehive. Frenzy needle bee do not create honey, but their hives are a great Gu refinement material. At the same time, it is a kind of food that humans can consume directly." Fang Yuan said so, stretching his arm into the beehive.</p> 
<p>Crack.</p> 
<p>The beehive fragments were dark yellow color.</p> 
<p>Under Bai Ning Bing's curious gaze, he placed the beehive into his mouth, biting and crushing it in a few bites, swallowing it.</p> 
<p>The beehive tasted like biscuits on earth, fragrant and crispy.</p> 
<p>But undeniably, this naturally produced food was much more delicious than biscuits. It carried a light sweetness, not oily at all, but instead having a refreshing flavor.</p> 
<p>"Mm, good taste!" Bai Ning Bing also took a piece to eat, and after consuming it, she felt her mouth salivating, the sweet flavor caused her frowning eyebrows to ease subconsciously.</p> 
<p>"Our salted meat and dry biscuits are finishing. We should collect some beehives and store it in your tusita flower," Bai Ning Bing suggested.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan looked at the sky, his expression slightly worried, "I have the same thought, but we have to move quickly."</p> 
<p>"You're worried that the blood smell of the lava crocodile king as well as the white ape's corpse will attract new wild beasts? Rest easy, there is no wind today, wild beasts will not be attracted over, at least not in the meantime. During this period, we can collect to our hearts' content," Bai Ning Bing laughed.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan shook his head, about to speak when suddenly his expression changed.</p> 
<p>Buzzbuzzbuzz... The sound of bees buzzing and flying entered their ears.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing looked at the sky immediately, only to see a thick cloud formed by numerous frenzy needle bees, attacking towards them.</p> 
<p>The frenzy needle beehive, although destroyed by Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant, and the most delicious piece of the beehive at the center was eaten, the frenzy needle bees were not reduced much in numbers.</p> 
<p>Frenzy needle bees could not cause damage to the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant, so after the latter ate enough, it did not waste extra energy in exterminating these insignificant things.</p> 
<p>Frenzy needle bee group's house was destroyed, and because they had low intelligence, they started attacking the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant .</p> 
<p>But once the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant flew high into the sky, they no longer had the strength to pursue them, and were unable to continue chasing, thus they could only return to their hive and reconstruct their houses.</p> 
<p>Afterwards, they saw two youngsters standing in their house eating their hive.</p> 
<p>Under this situation, what hesitation was there?</p> 
<p>The fury towards the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant earlier, was completely transferred to Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.</p> 
<p>At once, numerous frenzy needle bees flapped their wings and rained down on the two!</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing was stunned.</p> 
<p>"Why are you still not running?!" Fang Yuan turned around and left, taking huge strides.</p> 
<p>Being reminded like this, Bai Ning Bing immediately turned around and chased after Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>The frenzy needle bee group was behind them, relentlessly chasing.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan ran in front while Bai Ning Bing fell behind. They did not have a movement-type Gu, thus Bai Ning Bing was quickly caught by the bee group.</p> 
<p>Chink chink chink.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing activated the Sky Canopy Gu, and a white armor appeared but flickered immediately, receiving almost a thousand attacks in just a moment.</p> 
<p>Frenzy needle bee's needle were tough as steel, extremely sturdy. Together with their high speed flying, it was no inferior to a needle rain attack.</p> 
<p>Large numbers cause a qualitative change.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing's primeval essence continued to reduce; the bee group's attacks are not to be underestimated!What was more troubling, was that some of the frenzy needle bees had become Gu.</p> 
<p>Rank three frenzy needle bee Gu had piercing ability, so even the Sky Canopy Gu could not defend against it. Bai Ning Bing's back was quickly pierced and she bled, causing her to grunt in pain, while her running speed broke her usual limits due to the stimulation.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing had never thought she could run so quickly on her own.</p> 
<p>With her speed, it looked like mountain rocks and trees came flying at her, and she had to concentrate with all her mind to dodge them; if she was tripped by anything, the bees would surround her at the first opportunity.</p> 
<p>Under such an attack, she was dead meat!</p> 
<p>With Bai Ning Bing behind him tanking the pressure, Fang Yuan's situation was much better.</p> 
<p>He activated his primeval essence, injecting them into his Carapace Gu at his back.</p> 
<p>The skin on his back became uneven, slightly bulging and becoming a tough and thick crocodile skin armor.</p> 
<p>Ordinary frenzy needle bees could not penetrate the crocodile skin armor, and the few bee Gu were attracted by Bai Ning Bing.</p> 
<p>After running for another fifteen minutes, the bees still chased relentlessly.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were panting as their speed started to reduce.</p> 
<p>"There's hope, there's a lake in front!" As the situation turned dire, Fang Yuan suddenly shouted.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing was overjoyed.</p> 
<p>Trees became less densely packed as a blue white light appeared, expanding within the greenery.</p> 
<p>The two rushed out of the forest, and a lake was seen.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not hesitate, and with a plop, he jumped into the lake.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing followed closely behind.</p> 
<p>Swish swish swish!</p> 
<p>Frenzy needle bees were bent on getting them, diving into the water as well.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing's white armor shook intensely, as she received a large number of attacks.</p> 
<p>As the intense pain hit her, she bit her lips and paddled with her hands, swimming towards the deeper parts of the water.</p> 
<p>A moment later, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing emerged from the opposite shore.</p> 
<p>The smell of the beehive on their bodies had been washed away, and when looking back at their original spot, there were large numbers of frenzy needle bees indignantly flying about, attacking the water out of frustration.</p> 
<p>Although the frenzy needle bees were small, they were resilient. Even if they fell into the lake, as long as it was not too deep, they would resurface.</p> 
<p>"Damn it..." Bai Ning Bing cursed, still feeling the lingering fear from earlier.</p> 
<p>Her expression was ugly.</p> 
<p>Be it the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant, or white ape group, or even the frenzy needle bee group, none of them were those she could deal with.</p> 
<p>If last night she was found by the Xuan Yuan Divine Pheasant, she would become its meal.</p> 
<p>Rank three cultivation in this cruel world of nature, was the bottom of the hierarchy.</p> 
<p>"I've had enough, when will we reach Bai Gu mountain?"</p> 
<p>"Shush, be quiet!" Fang Yuan's expression was solemn, he half-squatted as his finger touched the remains of a fire that had been put out earlier.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing immediately frowned deeply.</p> 
<p>Undeniably, these were traces left behind by humans.</p>
    </body>
</html>
