<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 312: Rank Three Peak Stage once again</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 312: Rank Three Peak Stage once again</h1>
        
        <p>Nan Qiu garden, secret room.</p> 
<p>The room was covered with darkness, the only source of light was a thin ray of starlight that was flowing like water towards the center of the room.</p> 
<p>At the center, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were sitting cross-legged on mats. Bai Ning Bing's palms were placed on Fang Yuan's back; she was transferring rank three peak stage snow silver primeval essence to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>It was completely silent in the secret room.</p> 
<p>However, in Fang Yuan's heart, waves continued to surge.</p> 
<p><em>Rumble!</em></p> 
<p>A snow silver waterfall - chilly and majestic - came crashing down into Fang Yuan's primeval sea from his aperture.</p> 
<p>It was the rank three peak stage snow silver primeval essence that had gone through bone flesh unity Gu.</p> 
<p>Rank three Gu Master's primeval essence was silver. Initial stage primeval essence only had a thin layer of silver color, thus was called light silver primeval essence. Middle stage had varying amounts of silver color; some a lot and some little, thus was called blossom silver primeval essence.</p> 
<p>Upper stage primeval essence was shining silver thus was called bright silver primeval essence.</p> 
<p>Peak stage primeval essence was snow white silver, a magnificent sight, and was called snow silver primeval essence.</p> 
<p>Right now, Fang Yuan was using snow silver primeval essence as the primary force and blossom silver primeval essence as supplementary; under his control, they formed surging waves and continually cleansed the aperture walls.</p> 
<p>The aperture that was originally a water membrane, with light flowing as water, was shaking. After the cleansing process went for a while, the quantitative change accumulated to become a qualitative change; light poured out of the water membrane and just like water freezing into ice, it no longer moved, settling down to form stone membrane.</p> 
<p>The stone membrane was radiant and glorious, and was even thicker and more stable than the water membrane.</p> 
<p>With the formation of stone membrane, Fang Yuan advanced from rank three middle stage to rank three upper stage.</p> 
<p>Building a stable foundation, success will come naturally.</p> 
<p>Since the cultivation was finished, Bai Ning Bing slowly withdrew her hands, her blue pupils fluctuating with emotions.</p> 
<p>With her help, Fang Yuan's cultivation had advanced rapidly and was finally catching up with her step-by-step.</p> 
<p>She knew Fang Yuan still had a white silver relic Gu on him. He had not used it and was saving it for this moment.</p> 
<p>That is to say, after tonight, Fang Yuan's cultivation would advance to rank three peak stage, at the same level as her.</p> 
<p>"This guy is a cunning fox and is extremely treacherous. Although I haven't found any flaws in the poison vow, that doesn't mean there are no flaws within the poison vow." Bai Ning Bing was silent but her thoughts kept on moving rapidly.</p> 
<p>Shang Ya Zi's downfall was a grim reminder.</p> 
<p>The mental pressure Fang Yuan was giving her was becoming bigger and bigger, and now she was starting to have some doubts.</p> 
<p>"Don't worry, I am sincere in cooperating with you. There are no problems with the poison vow." As if he knew what Bai Ning Bing was thinking, Fang Yuan suddenly opened his mouth.</p> 
<p>"Hmph." Having her thoughts exposed, Bai Ning Bing's eyes revealed a trace of chill and said with cold irony, "I hope so."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan heaved a sigh, he had already expected Bai Ning Bing's reaction when he planned against Shang Ya Zi.</p> 
<p>Everything had its merits and demerits.</p> 
<p>Now, Shang Ya Zi was removed from his position, leaving a young master's seat vacant and gave an opportunity for Shang Xin Ci to advance. However, this created a crack in Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing's collaboration.</p> 
<p>At the same time, it also forced Shang Yan Fei to make his move.</p> 
<p>Just yesterday, Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu had issued forced challenge towards Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing at the same time.</p> 
<p>Once the news spread, it immediately caused a huge commotion in the battle stage and attracted countless people's attention.</p> 
<p>Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu were both rank four initial stage Gu Masters and were also called 'half the sky of the battle stage'. With two 'half skies' cooperating, they became the entire sky.</p> 
<p>These nicknames gave a clear description of their status and strength.</p> 
<p>Fang and Bai were the two rising stars of the battle stage. They were dazzling, winning all their matches without a single loss. Such strength was rarely seen in the battle stage even in the past.</p> 
<p>Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu were the two heroes of battle stage, standing proudly at the summit. These few years, there were many Gu Masters who wanted to stand out and become an external elder of the Shang clan, but they were stopped by these two and lost their hopes of advancing.</p> 
<p>But now, these two jointly challenged Fang and Bai, naturally making everyone curious and also doubtful.</p> 
<p>Someone said Fang and Bai were advancing too strongly, causing the seniors Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu to feel uneasy and thus they were going to eliminate this problem early. Another said, Ju and Yan made a bet, and were using Fang and Bai to determine victory or defeat.</p> 
<p>Almost no one thought Fang and Bai had the chance of winning against these two.</p> 
<p>The formidable strength of Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu was already deeply engraved in people's hearts. Even more importantly; one side was rank four Gu Masters, while the other side was rank three Gu Masters. There was a huge difference between their levels.</p> 
<p>As Gu Master advance to higher ranks, the difference between each realm gets bigger and fighting across ranks become extremely difficult.</p> 
<p>....</p> 
<p>From behind, there was the sound of Bai Ning Bing standing up.</p> 
<p>"Tomorrow is the match between you and Yan Tu, how are your preparations going, do you need my heavenly essence treasure lotus? According to our vow, I will do my best to help you." Fang Yuan slowly spoke from the darkness.</p> 
<p>"No need." Bai Ning Bing coldly replied.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged, he said without turning around: "You are really confident."</p> 
<p>"So what if he is rank four? In these two years, you are not the only one who improved." Bai Ning Bing turned around and left.</p> 
<p>Heavenly essence treasure lotus was Fang Yuan's, it would not represent Bai Ning Bing's true strength.</p> 
<p>She wanted to check her progress using the match with Yan Tu.</p> 
<p>The door to the secret room opened and closed.</p> 
<p>After Bai Ning Bing left, the corner of Fang Yuan's lips slightly raised into a smile.</p> 
<p>"Rejecting heavenly essence treasure lotus... it seems a trace of self-doubt has grown in her heart. This insecurity is very small, maybe she herself might not be aware of it. Bai Ning Bing, you are still too inexperienced..."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan muttered before organizing his cluttered thoughts.</p> 
<p>He took out white silver relic Gu.</p> 
<p>This Gu was like a round pearl and was white silver in color, with a size of a finger.</p> 
<p>Since rebirth, Fang Yuan had seen it once on Qing Mao mountain. It was during the Jia clan's caravan, the white silver relic Gu was priced at fifty thousand primeval stones, it was an unattainable dream for Fang Yuan at that time.</p> 
<p>The series of Relic Gu were extremely expensive. After all, with one use, they could raise a Gu Master's cultivation by a small realm, saving a lot of time and energy. At the same time, they provided a stable foundation and did not have any side-effects.</p> 
<p>Gu worms were bought to be used.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not have any hesitation in activating white silver relic Gu; immediately, dazzling and magnificent lights shone upon the aperture walls.</p> 
<p>About four hours later, Fang Yuan had leaped from rank three upper stage to rank three peak stage.</p> 
<p>"Since rebirth, I have once again reached rank three peak stage!" Fang Yuan's eyes shone brilliantly and he could not help but clench his fists, his heart surged with emotions and joy.</p> 
<p>It was different from the time on Qing Mao mountain, Fang Yuan had used stone aperture Gu at that time and paid a disastrous price of losing his future prospects to advance to rank three peak stage.</p> 
<p>This time, Fang Yuan advanced to rank three peak stage while retaining his enormous potential for development. After all, he has A grade aptitude now.</p> 
<p>Looking at the Spring Autumn Cicada.</p> 
<p>After recuperating for over two years, its condition was recovering at a rapid speed.</p> 
<p>Its withered body was gradually becoming glossy. The wings that were dried up like dead leaves, now had a layer of green that was full of life energy.</p> 
<p>Its recovery naturally caused great pressure on Fang Yuan's aperture.</p> 
<p>However, compared to the previous time, Fang Yuan's cultivation was rising rapidly because of Bai Ning Bing and bone flesh unity Gu, his rank three peak stage aperture was still enough to bear this pressure.</p> 
<p>The situation had been truly pressing back at Qing Mao mountain, but now Fang Yuan was handling this with ease.</p> 
<p>"But I cannot relax yet. Spring Autumn Cicada's recovery gets faster and faster. My cultivation speeds needs to surpass it, otherwise the same situation will happen again."</p> 
<p>Time quietly passed and soon it was the next day.</p> 
<p>The audiences were all waiting for the battle between Bai Ning Bing and Yan Tu.</p> 
<p>There were green grass all over this super-size battle stage.</p> 
<p>This was a grass terrain and was very commonly seen at Northern Plains.</p> 
<p>A crowd of spectating Gu Masters had formed a circle around the battle stage, all of their gazes landing on the two protagonists on the battle stage.</p> 
<p>The match had not started but the people were already commenting.</p> 
<p>"Everything is against Bai Ning Bing this time!"</p> 
<p>"Facing Lord Yan Tu, she is certain to lose."</p> 
<p>"She is as beautiful as a fairy, it really makes people sympathize with her. Just thinking about her suffering a defeat breaks my heart into pieces..."</p> 
<p>In the course of over a year, Bai Ning Bing had earned an impressive reputation, receiving strong publicity. Her appearance and temperament that was like a snow fairy got her a huge amount of attention.</p> 
<p>On the stage, Bai Ning Bing and Yan Tu stood opposite each other.</p> 
<p>Yan Tu was an old man and had a head full of unkempt and long hair.</p> 
<p>He was thin like a stick and his legs were bare. Whether it was his fingernails or toenails, they had not been cut for a long time and were long and crooked.</p> 
<p>He was wearing rags and had a hunched back, like an old beggar on the roadside.</p> 
<p>"Hehehe, little girl you have such smooth skin, you are really beautiful." Yan Tu sized up Bai Ning Bing and said with a hoarse voice.</p> 
<p>Wearing a white robe, the blue pupils and silver hair Bai Ning Bing immediately frowned, killing intent filling her heart: "Old geezer, stop your shamelessness."</p> 
<p>"Little girl, you have no manners." Yan Tu laughed dryly, his ten fingers rubbing each other: "It seems I have to teach you how important it is to respect your seniors."</p> 
<p>"Pointless banter." Bai Ning Bing had a cool expression, her gaze cold as ice as she stared at Yan Tu, her every movement containing vigorous fighting spirit.</p> 
<p><em>Ding.</em></p> 
<p>The sound of the bell signalled the start of the match.</p> 
<p>Icicle Gu!</p> 
<p>Fire pellet Gu!</p> 
<p>Almost at the same time, Bai Ning Bing and Yan Tu made their moves.</p> 
<p>Four white icicles and three balls of fire pellets shot towards one another.</p> 
<p><em>Bang.</em></p> 
<p>An icicle and a fire pellet collided in midair; the icicle melted, but the fire pellet still flew towards Bai Ning Bing, just that its power had greatly fallen.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing's icicle Gu was only rank two, while Yan Tu's fire pellet Gu was rank three.</p> 
<p>Naturally, fire pellet was a notch above the icicle.</p> 
<p>"I can only suppress the fire pellet if I use ice explosion Gu to detonate the icicles. However, my primeval essence will be greatly expended if I do that. This battle had just started..."</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing's blue pupils flashed with an eerie light.</p> 
<p>She jumped agilely and dodged the fire pellets, causing them to miss their target.</p> 
<p>At the same time, she waved her hand.</p> 
<p><em>Whooshh.</em></p> 
<p>Three icicles flew towards Yan Tu.</p> 
<p>Yan Tu gave a dry laugh, he took a step forward and twisted his body, dodging the icicles with a weird body posture as he began running at the same time.</p> 
<p>His index finger repeatedly pointed and balls of fire pellets formed into a dense attack as they engulfed Bai Ning Bing.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing coldly snorted; not to be outdone, she also repeatedly stomped and struck back with icicles.</p> 
<p>For a moment, the two kept on contesting against each other while running around the big grassland. Icicles and fire pellets flew, the two dodged and attacked without stopping.</p> 
<p>The match had just begun but its intensity had already surpassed everyone's expectations.</p>
    </body>
</html>
