<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 273: Advance to Rank Three</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 273: Advance to Rank Three</h1>
        <p><a epub:type="noteref" href="#n1"></a></p>
        <p><em>Swish swish swish...</em></p> 
<p>In the aperture, the primeval sea ebbed and flowed. A gush of primeval essence crashed towards the aperture walls.</p> 
<p>The waves were like snow, shining in a silver light, brilliant beyond comprehension, this was the snow silver primeval essence.</p> 
<p>In the room, Bai Ning Bing's palms were stuck to Fang Yuan's back as the bone flesh unity Gu sent primeval essence continuously into Fang Yuan's aperture.</p> 
<p>Once the primeval essence was converted by the bone flesh unity Gu and became Fang Yuan's, he could utilize them.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan used the endless amount of snow silver primeval essence and assaulted his aperture walls.</p> 
<p>He was now rank two peak stage, his primeval essence was deep red, and his aperture walls were of a crystal form, transparent and shiny.</p> 
<p>Initially, in order to breakthrough from rank one peak stage to rank two on Qing Mao mountain, he had to use primeval stones to help him, and after three to four days, he barely succeeded. It was an arduous process.</p> 
<p>When he tried to breakthrough into rank three, because of his talent, he had to use the man-beast life burial Gu, an external force.</p> 
<p>But now, it was completely different.</p> 
<p>Not only because his aptitude had risen to A grade ninety percent, and no longer needed the man-beast life burial Gu, he even had the assistance of Bai Ning Bing.</p> 
<p>Human encounters were really mysterious and unpredictable. Even Fang Yuan did not see this coming.</p> 
<p>The tough crystal walls, under the impact of the snow silver primeval essence, started to develop cracks.</p> 
<p>The cracks grew rapidly, expanding and spreading. A moment later, the entire wall was filled with cracks.</p> 
<p><em>Crack crack...</em></p> 
<p>The crystal wall shattered, and numerous crystal fragments fell into the primeval sea, causing waves to splash.</p> 
<p>Soon after, these fragments turned into white spots, dispersing in the primeval sea.</p> 
<p>A brand new white light wall, replaced the crystal wall.</p> 
<p>At the same time, a trace of light silver primeval essence appeared from deep within the sea.</p> 
<p>Light silver primeval essence, it was the symbol of rank three initial stage.</p> 
<p>At this point, Fang Yuan finally broke through rank two peak stage, and achieved rank three.</p> 
<p>Not mentioning rank six Gu immortal, rank three was already in the middle spectrum of strength. Be it righteous or demonic, they were a strong force.</p> 
<p>"After leaving Qing Mao mountain, in less than a year, I regained my rank three cultivation. This speed, is over three times of when I was on Qing Mao mountain, and with my A grade aptitude, my future is bright." Fang Yuan clenched his fist, cheering in his heart.</p> 
<p>Looking at the time, only six hours passed.</p> 
<p>So fast.</p> 
<p>If he used his own effort, he could breakthrough as well, but it would take twenty four hours at least.</p> 
<p>Snow silver primeval essence, it truly was the most effective.</p> 
<p>Checking his aperture once again.</p> 
<p>The sea of bone spear Gu, spiral bone spear Gu had all been sold.</p> 
<p>Over half of the deep red rank two peak stage primeval essence remained.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing's did not stop injecting her primeval essence.</p> 
<p>A gush of snow silver primeval essence fell from the sky like a waterfall into the primeval sea, and after some turbulence, it sank to the bottom of the sea.</p> 
<p>The higher the realm, the better the quality of the primeval essence. Red steel primeval essence and light silver primeval essence could only be pushed up by the snow silver primeval essence.</p> 
<p>At the bottom of the primeval sea, a bone-like white and blue flower moved along with the sea currents.</p> 
<p>It was the rank three heavenly essence treasure lotus. The "movable primeval spring", able to produce fifty primeval stones a day.</p> 
<p>Beside the pure treasure lotus was the demonic blood skull Gu.</p> 
<p>The blood colored skull had two eye sockets, glowing with a purple flame.</p> 
<p>Near the blood skull Gu, there was a crystal ball, staying motionless.</p> 
<p>Inside the crystal ball, there was a thick mist that formed into an old man that gave off an immortal aura.</p> 
<p>The old man carried a walking cane, with a thick beard on his face, showing a calm expression.</p> 
<p>It was the primeval elder Gu.</p> 
<p>The old man was originally laughing and smiling, but after Fang Yuan took out half his primeval stones, his expression turned plain.</p> 
<p>There was also another jade pendant-like beetle fossil, half transparent and jade green, it gave off cooling air.</p> 
<p>It was the rank two clearing heat Gu, used for curing poison.</p> 
<p>Close to them, there was also the charred thunder potato mother Gu and a rice bag Gu.</p> 
<p>On the surface of the sea, four flavor liquor worm played with the waves. Its fat body shone with red, blue, green and yellow, symbolizing spicy, bitter, sour and sweet; four flavors in total.</p> 
<p>In the air, there was the canopy Gu and Yang Gu, playing around the snow silver waterfall.</p> 
<p>The canopy Gu was like a giant ladybug, its half round white shell having black spots. The Yang Gu however gave off a warm white light.</p> 
<p>His most important vital Gu, was still asleep, drawing the water from the river of time, to recover its body.</p> 
<p>Other than the Gu in his aperture, there was still the bone flesh unity Gu, as a bracelet on his arm, as it formed into a bracelet tattoo.</p> 
<p>In his palm, there was the blood moon Gu.</p> 
<p>On his tongue, there was the tusita flower tattoo.</p> 
<p>On his left ear, the breath concealment Gu.</p> 
<p>On his feet, the jumping grass Gu.</p> 
<p>Flesh-bone Gu was Bai Ning Bing's, it had been returned to her. Originally, there was a plunder Gu that resembled a black beetle, Fang Yuan had used it to snatch the Gu worms in Bai Ning Bing's aperture, but it had died from lack of food during the caravan journey.</p> 
<p id="r1">These were all the Gu Fang Yuan possessed.<a epub:type="noteref" href="#n1" role="doc-noteref">[1]</a></p> 
<p>"Heavenly essence treasure lotus has to be kept, but I do not have the recipe to continue refining it. I can still use it now, but when I reach rank four, its use will be negligible."</p> 
<p>"Blood skull Gu is useless to me now, to nurture my descendants, there is too much trouble in terms of time and effort. Back then, first generation Gu Yue had no choice but to do it. I can change out this Gu, after all, it is one of the inheritance of the blood sea ancestor. I might be able to get a good Gu from the treasure realm. But treasure realm is the foundation of Shang clan, even if I had the purple thorn token... I have to plan this carefully."</p> 
<p>"Spring Autumn Cicada, primeval elder Gu, and bone flesh unity Gu are definitely going to be kept, blood moon Gu is easy to raise but does not have enough attack and cannot be used as a set. Tusita flower should be changed too, there are better options available. I have to expose the breath concealment Gu, but jumping grass has to be removed. It was kept as emergency in the first place."</p> 
<p>"Other than this, i have lots of strength Gu to buy, and also investigative, movement type Gu. Now that our situation is stable, and I have gained the trust of Shang clan, I can try to interact with the gambling den."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan considered his options.</p> 
<p>The Gu on him were all gathered individually, they could not form into a set. And they did not even cover all grounds, severely affecting his battle strength.</p> 
<p>At Shang clan city, they finally had time to develop themselves. He has to use this opportunity, and race against time, to get his Gu worm set in two to three years. Creating his own battle style, as well as trying to raise his cultivation as high as possible.</p> 
<p>After that, the Three Kings Inheritance would start. Next would be the righteous demonic battle at Yi Tian mountain, one that affected the entire southern border. It was a grand event, where brave warriors reigned supreme. If one did not have enough strength, they would be cannon fodder. If he had the qualification to join, using Fang Yuan's rebirth advantage, he would be able to gain great benefits.</p> 
<p>...</p> 
<p>"This subordinate greets Lord clan leader!" In the study room, Wei Yang kneeled.</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei stopped writing, looking up: "Wei Yang, there is only the two of us here, do not be restrained."</p> 
<p>"Thank you for the seat, clan leader." Wei Yang sat at a nearby seat.</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei laughed, as he recalled: "You, you are still so rigid. Remember when we first met, before you dominated the battle stage, back when I was still a Shang clan young master. So many years have passed already, it was all thanks to your assistance that I became clan leader."</p> 
<p>"This subordinate does not dare to claim credit!" Wei Yang quickly stood up, cupping his fist: "I am but a boor, only able to assist in terms of fighting. Clan leader is both intelligent and strong, I am merely the icing on the cake."</p> 
<p>"Hehehe. Although I am intelligent and strong, I am still one person. Only with all of you, can I establish a force strong enough to dominate. <em>Two fists cannot rival four palms</em>, a good leader needs his men, am I right?" Shang Yan Fei looked at Wei Yang with deep intentions.</p> 
<p>Wei Yang immediately realized that Shang Yan Fei had a deeper meaning, but could not understand his meaning, only cupping his fists: "This subordinate is ashamed."</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei changed the topic: "I had thought at first that Bai Ning Bing was a girl pretending to be a guy, after all, many clans carry a male leader mentality. But today, I heard from Doctor Su Shou, Bai Ning Bing asked her about the Yin Yang rotation Gu, it seems there is a hidden story behind this. But whether she is a guy or a girl, that is a small detail, it is no longer important. What is important, is whether she and that Fang Zheng would work for us Shang clan."</p> 
<p>Wei Yang was enlightened: "This subordinate understands."</p> 
<p>"Mm, as long as you understand, you may leave." Shang Yan Fei waved his hand.</p> 
<p>"This subordinate takes his leave."</p> 
<p>Seeing the study room's door close lightly, Shang Yan Fei leaned back on his chair and closed his eyes.</p> 
<p>Fang and Bai were able to snatch the inheritance from Bai clan, and were able to escort Shang Xin Ci back, it showed that they had both brains and brawn.</p> 
<p>They even had good aptitude, the report states they were rank three.</p> 
<p>They were not even twenty yet, this truly was great talent!</p> 
<p>Most importantly, they knew how to repay kindness, this showed they had proper character, it made people feel at ease.</p> 
<p>And finally, they were not peasants, but were born as two clan's successor, they had the symbol of righteousness ingrained in them from birth.</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei had been in power for so many years, and had seen many young talents, but very few moved his heart like these two.</p> 
<p>But the reason Shang Yan Fei wanted to recruit them, was not for himself, but for Shang Xin Ci.</p> 
<p>He opened his eyes, and turned into a pillar of flame, disappearing from the study room.</p> 
<p>When he reappeared, he was at a huge walkway.</p> 
<p>At the two sides of the walkway, there were tall stone pillars. The ground was paved with a type of white-silver colored brick. Shang Yan Fei stood beside the stone pillar, like an ant beside a pair of chopsticks.</p> 
<p>He walked slowly in the empty walkway, only the echo of his walking could be heard.</p> 
<p>After a while, he arrived at the end of the walkway.</p> 
<p>A giant red door was in front of him.</p> 
<p>The giant door was as tall as the walkway, over thirty meters tall. There was no handle on the door, instead there was the carving of a huge human face.</p> 
<p>The face protruded out of the door, and was sound asleep. The details of the carving was simply perfection.</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei came before the door, and stared at the red door, saying in an annoyed tone: "Living treasure door, stop pretending to be asleep, what's the point? You've done this too many times."</p> 
<p>The face on the giant door immediately opened its eyes, staring at Shang Yan Fei, complaining: "Sigh, Little Fei Fei, you've grown up, you are not cute anymore!"</p> 
<p>As it said so, it opened its huge mouth and a strong gust of wind blew, causing Shang Yan Fei's hair to dance in the wind. Its voice was like thunder, as the echo reverberated in the walkway.</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei's eyes twitched: "Stop your nonsense, I am here to exchange for treasure."</p> 
<p id="n1" role="doc-footnote" epub:type="footnote">[1] A total of 15. <a href="#r1">Back</a></p>
    </body>
</html>
