<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2319: Star Constellation Admits Defeat</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2319: Star Constellation Admits Defeat</h1>
        <p>Heaven and earth was torn apart like a huge opened mouth. Endless lightning exploded and resisted the fierce tornadoes.</p>
<p>Meng Qiu Zhen floated in the air and observed the land.</p>
<p>“Lightning, come!” He shouted and at the next moment, tens of thousands of lightning balls fell from the sky and collided with the tornadoes, causing huge explosions.</p>
<p>Ten or so tornadoes were destroyed but there were still about a hundred tornadoes which connected the small world’s sky and ground like giant pillars.</p>
<p>Meng Qiu Zhen gritted his teeth as he recognized the crucial point: He had to find the location of this dream realm’s land spirit as soon as possible and attack it. Otherwise, with so many tornadoes, even if he destroyed all of them, he would have used all his strength which was detrimental to his future dream realm explorations.</p>
<p>With the main body’s protection, after experiencing that thrilling moment before, Meng Qiu Zhen did not run into anymore mishaps.</p>
<p>He continued to explore the heaven path dream realms, not only raising his heaven path attainment level greatly but also raising his strength in the dream realm immortal aperture. He became a heavenly spirit and his methods were at a completely different level than before.</p>
<p>Meng Qiu Zhen could now control heavenly power and produce strength similar to calamities and tribulations!</p>
<p>Moreover, he also found that heaven path dream realms could annex each other, constantly bringing him risks as well as opportunities in the explorations.</p>
<p>“Ice, come!” Meng Qiu Zhen seized the timing, his two small hands spread apart and pressed down.</p>
<p>Hailstones rained down heavily from the sky.</p>
<p>The hailstones continued to grow bigger every moment, some of them were even as large as a hill in just a few breaths of time.</p>
<p>These hailstones fell on the tornadoes and were rapidly swept away.</p>
<p>The dark-green tornadoes were soon covered by a layer of bluish white frost and their speed fell sharply.</p>
<p>“So it was here.” Meng Qiu Zhen succeeded in weakening the enemy and discovered that there was a white feather flying fish hiding in the leftmost tornado.</p>
<p>This white feather flying fish was the heavenly spirit of the other dream realm immortal aperture!</p>
<p>Heaven path dream realms could annex each other, this current manifestation was the result of the two dream realm immortal apertures annexing each other. As the heavenly spirit of a dream realm immortal aperture, Meng Qiu Zhen had to lead his dream realm immortal aperture to suppress the other side’s dream realm immortal aperture and even annex it.</p>
<p>There was a crucial step in this, that was to find the other side’s heavenly spirit and exterminate it.</p>
<p>“Die!” Meng Qiu Zhen used one method after the other, the flying fish heavenly spirit got dizzy from seeing all the attacks.</p>
<p>Lighting flashed, thunder rumbled, storm brewed, meteors fell, and lava gushed out; all kinds of attacks were thrown out before the flying fish heavenly spirit was finally exterminated.</p>
<p>Without the control of the heavenly spirit, the tornadoes still existed but were moving disorderly instead of being orderly like before, immediately becoming non-threatening.</p>
<p>At the same time, Meng Qiu Zhen’s dream realm immortal aperture also quickened the pace of annexing the enemy dream realm immortal aperture.</p>
<p>With the flying fish heavenly spirit dead, it was like the opposing army’s commander was beheaded, they would fall into disorder and be defeated no matter how strong they were.</p>
<p>Meng Qiu Zhen followed up his victory and finally expanded his dream realm immortal aperture by another area.</p>
<p>“There is a huge rise in wind path dao marks, the outcome is pretty good. Hmm? Another dream realm immortal aperture is coming close.” Meng Qiu Zhen had not even rested when he saw an indistinct red shadow appear outside the dream realm immortal aperture.</p>
<p>The indistinct red shadow covered the sky and ground, obscuring the sun and moon. A huge explosion resounded as it collided with Meng Qiu Zhen’s dream realm immortal aperture.</p>
<p>The immortal aperture’s boundary was broken as the two dream realm immortal apertures connected to each other and started a brutal annexing process.</p>
<p>“Wait, this heavenly spirit is different!” Meng Qiu Zhen’s expression changed slightly as he discovered that the enemy was extremely shrewd and could adapt to the situation easily with plenty of methods that were not fewer than Meng Qiu Zhen’s.</p>
<p>“Don’t tell me...”</p>
<p>Profound Literature grotto-heaven.</p>
<p>Qi tides surged and formed tens of thousands of qi monsters everywhere, forming a huge calamity.</p>
<p>A large number of mortals in Profound Literature grotto-heaven became corpses under the rampage of the qi monsters.</p>
<p>“Damn it!”</p>
<p>“We must persevere!”</p>
<p>“These qi monsters are coming endlessly, when will it stop?”</p>
<p>The Gu Immortals of Profound Literature grotto-heaven used all their strength to defend, Old Immortal Hua Yu personally entered the battle and was barely able to hold the situation.</p>
<p>This was not a heavenly tribulation or earthly calamity, it was the qi path killer move that Qi Sea Ancestor used to attack the star array calculation formation.</p>
<p>The star array calculation formation had a large number of formation cores. After a number of the formation cores’ Immortal Gu were destroyed by Fang Yuan’s three clones, the formation bases were exposed.</p>
<p>These formation bases were Profound Literature grotto-heaven, Skeleton grotto-heaven, and so on.</p>
<p>As long as these grotto-heavens were destroyed, the star array calculation formation would lose its foundation and collapse completely.</p>
<p>“If we had known this earlier, why would we try all means possible to defect?”</p>
<p>“Sigh, it is already too late to say this. We can only hope that Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has enough methods to protect our homeland.”</p>
<p>These grotto-heaven Gu Immortals were feeling regret to some extent.</p>
<p>Rumble!</p>
<p>An explosion rang, qi currents rampaged like ten thousand horses as Qi Sea Ancestor gradually appeared inside Skeleton grotto-heaven.</p>
<p>Granny Skeleton was in despair but before she even asked for help, many rank eight Heavenly Court Gu Immortals arrived in Skeleton grotto-heaven in Immortal Gu Houses.</p>
<p>Without any delay, a huge battle erupted!</p>
<p>Heaven and earth shook, qi sea rose, golden lights flew, jade water floated in the sky... a large number of killer moves were activated, their aftershock creating huge casualties.</p>
<p>Immortal killer move — Unlimited Qi Sea!</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor continued to gather his momentum before finally using this move.</p>
<p>With one move, heaven and earth was overturned, several Immortal Gu Houses of Heavenly Court were damaged heavily, one even crumbled apart.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling and the rest coughed blood repeatedly from the serious injuries.</p>
<p>“Hold on!” Qin Ding Ling shouted.</p>
<p>“Watch this!” Che Wei tried bravely to use offense against offense.</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor was struck by his killer move and suffered some injuries.</p>
<p>Immortal killer move — Qi Jue Revival!</p>
<p>At the next moment, a large number of qi path immortal materials was expended as Qi Sea Ancestor recovered rapidly.</p>
<p>The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals turned pale.</p>
<p>“Let’s end this.”</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor gave a shout and activated the killer move, Hu elevation!</p>
<p>Towering and terrifying qi pillars shot out, directly piercing through Skeleton grotto-heaven.</p>
<p>Granny Skeleton’s eyes were wide open and had no time to dodge, she was annihilated by the qi pillar with not even a small piece of her remaining.</p>
<p>Skeleton grotto-heaven was heavily damaged and started to produce the winds of assimilation.</p>
<p>The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals left from the large hole while Qi Sea Ancestor gave chase.</p>
<p>Star Constellation’s will saw this from inside Embroidered Tower and was about to make a move when Zhan Bu Du charged inside the formation space.</p>
<p>“It is here after all!” Wu Shuai was happy.</p>
<p>He controlled ants to infiltrate the depths of the star array calculation formation and forcibly drilled a pathway from which Zhan Bu Du squeezed inside.</p>
<p>The Gu Immortals inside the formation space were mostly from ten great ancient sects; although they were all elites, they were still far from reaching the level of Heavenly Court’s members.</p>
<p>Even the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals could not easily fight a pseudo venerable, let alone them.</p>
<p>Zhan Bu Du was like a tiger entering a herd of sheep, blood started to flow instantly.</p>
<p>Star Constellation’s will heaved a sigh, she could only give up on targeting Qi Sea Ancestor and activated Embroidered Tower to block Zhan Bu Du.</p>
<p>After a period of stalemate, Fang Yuan’s three clones finally created an opening and started destroying the star array calculation formation as easily as cutting bamboo.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court was beaten back again and again without getting any chance to stabilize their footing.</p>
<p>This news immediately reached Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sighed as she activated two human path killer moves.</p>
<p>One was heroes among people and the other was hope of the people.</p>
<p>Divine Emperor City which was the largest human vein node of Central Continent released countless white light. The countless specks and lumps of light were like lanterns or candles.</p>
<p>These lights moved like fish or birds returning to their homes, landing in all of the Gu Immortals inside the star array calculation formation, forming a dense white radiance.</p>
<p>The white radiance started to shrink while the Gu Immortals’ auras started to grow.</p>
<p>Just like in the fate war, they received a huge amplification once again.</p>
<p>“As expected, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used this move, it hasn’t crossed Lord Alliance Leader’s calculations.” Lu Wei Yin was watching Divine Emperor City from some distance with a moved expression.</p>
<p>“She is using the same ability again, it means she ran out of tricks.” Shen Shang smiled lightly as he attacked Divine Emperor City with Lu Wei Yin.</p>
<p>Genesis Lotus’ will and Qing Chou were guarding Divine Emperor City. As they were attacked by two experts, they could only stop supporting the two human path killer moves and defend themselves.</p>
<p>Spectral heaven battlefield.</p>
<p>The white radiance formed from the human path killer moves similarly covered Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>The two received the amplification, their strength rose by a huge degree!</p>
<p>“As expected of human path methods, even a venerable like me can benefit from it.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable clicked his tongue in praise.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable frowned: ”There are almost no heaven path dream realms left, we’ve lost this battle!”</p>
    </body>
</html>