<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2219: No, I Am Great Love Immortal Venerable!</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2219: No, I Am Great Love Immortal Venerable!</h1>
        
        <p>After that, Fang Di Chang emphasized: "Looking at the five regions, Northern Plains, Central Continent, and Eastern Sea all have a venerable leader, while Southern Border has a righteous path alliance. Only our Western Desert is still divided and disunited."</p> 
<p>"One can say that Western Desert is the weakest of the five regions."</p> 
<p>"In this situation, we cannot take the lead to cause problems or show our stance."</p> 
<p>"If other forces recruit us, we will try to balance ourselves and secretly join them while ensuring that our benefits are the priority. Back then, our Fang clan was attacked because we obtained Divine Emperor City. We cannot commit the same mistake again and become the target of everyone, that is too foolish."</p> 
<p>Fang Hua Sheng and Fang Gong nodded again.</p> 
<p>Even though Fang Di Chang had lost his cultivation level, he still had his wide-ranging perspective.</p> 
<p>Southern Border.</p> 
<p>Tian Lan Mountain, Luo clan's headquarters.</p> 
<p>In the main hall, most of Luo clan's Gu Immortals were gathered, those that did not come personally also sent their wills instead.</p> 
<p>Luo clan's first supreme elder had rank seven cultivation level, he looked around before speaking: "In the era of three reigning venerables, chaos will ensue. What should Luo clan do? If you have any ideas, do say them now."</p> 
<p>Luo clan's Gu Immortals looked at each other, soon, one of them spoke.</p> 
<p>This person cultivated space path, he was Luo clan's number one general, Luo Ran, who had peak rank seven battle strength, even surpassing the first supreme elder.</p> 
<p>Luo Ran spoke: "Everyone, news of the reign of three venerables shocked everyone, after thinking about it, I decided to look at it from another perspective. If I were either of the three venerables, I would first devour Southern Border and Western Desert. After all, weaklings are the easiest targets, it is not good for Eastern Sea, Central Continent, or Northern Plains if the three venerables fight now. The wisest decision is to strengthen myself first and take more territory and resources before fighting the other venerables."</p> 
<p>"Our Luo clan is at the northern end of Southern Border, we are closest to Central Continent. If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable wants to interfere in Southern Border, our Luo clan would have to face her first!"</p> 
<p>Luo clan's immortals nodded with a cold expression.</p> 
<p>Ever since the disappearance of the five regional walls, their pressure had been intensifying daily. They had to search for backup plans and escape routes for Luo clan.</p> 
<p>Luo Ran continued to speak: "With the reign of three venerables, unless our Southern Border also has a venerable, even if all the Southern Border Gu Immortals worked together cooperatively, we are not the match of any of these three venerables. As for the other super forces who are deeper inside the region, they might still have the choice of staying out of the war, but our Luo clan is stuck between Southern Border and Central Continent, when conflict starts, we will need to stick to one side."</p> 
<p>Once he said that, all of the Luo clan immortals became stirred.</p> 
<p>One of them stood up directly and shouted angrily: "Luo Ran, are you saying that our Luo clan should surrender before fighting? Are you going to ignore the righteousness of our clan throughout the generations? We, Luo clan, defend the glory of righteousness, are you going to abandon that?"</p> 
<p>Everyone turned to look, the person who said that was Luo Fei.</p> 
<p>Next, many Luo clan Gu Immortals added in their comments that sided with Luo Fei.</p> 
<p>"When our Luo clan had once prospered, we almost threatened Wu clan's position, how can we act so cowardly?"</p> 
<p>"Indeed, venerables are no doubt invincible. But in the current era, with the reign of three venerables, and the possibility that other venerables might revive in the future, the future is certainly uncertain, we cannot give up now."</p> 
<p>"In my opinion, none of the three venerables now are worth joining. Heavenly Court has the sect system, if our Luo clan joins them, we need to change our clan system. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable is most protective of his descendants, Bai Zu tribe and Chu tribe are being ostracized by Northern Plains' Huang Jin bloodline. Meanwhile, Heaven Refining Demon Venerable has a lot of enmity with our clan, if we lower our heads to him, I will look down on myself!"</p> 
<p>Seeing everyone's anger and riled emotions, Luo Ran quickly waved his hand: "Everyone, I did not consider it through."</p> 
<p>Luo Fei stared widely: "Lord Luo Ran, you are the number one expert of Luo clan, if even you have such thoughts, we will be too disappointed!"</p> 
<p>Luo Ran had an expression of guilt: "I was wrong."</p> 
<p>Luo Fei added: "According to my view, the situation is not very dangerous. With the reign of three venerables, they are wary of each other while being restricted, they will not make a move easily. In the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Demon Immortal Qi Jue and people like Xiao He Jian have already died, Fang Yuan lost many powerful subordinates. Right now, his main body is recuperating in Eastern Sea without doing anything, he does not have the strength to interfere in other regions."</p> 
<p>"Additionally, even though our Southern Border has no venerable, we have the Southern Alliance and the Alliance Leader Wu Yong. During the fate war, Lord Wu Yong led our Southern Border righteous path and did not disappoint us even once! Why can't we hold expectations towards him and ourselves for now?"</p> 
<p>After saying these words, Luo Fei sat down.</p> 
<p>Many Luo clan Gu Immortals also nodded slightly, agreeing with her words.</p> 
<p>Luo clan thought positively about Wu clan.</p> 
<p>Because back then, Luo clan suffered a loss when exploring Qi Jue grotto-heaven, they were pursued and had to seek help from Wu clan to preserve their strength.</p> 
<p>After some time, Luo Zu announced the end of the meeting, only Luo Ran stayed behind to talk to him secretly.</p> 
<p>"Sorry you had to do this." Luo Zu said apologetically.</p> 
<p>Luo Ran shook his head: "Joining Heavenly Court was my true intention to begin with. I was just probing them today, but it seems that Luo clan does not want to give up yet, they think that it is too cowardly. On the other hand, that information path Immortal Gu was only the idea of Immortal Crane Sect, even if our Luo clan wants to join Central Continent, we need to contact at least Heavenly Court, right?"</p> 
<p>Luo Zu sighed: "Our Luo clan has always been an upright and righteous force, I am too useless to lead everyone, I am worried about Luo clan's safety. But you are right, now is not the time yet, we need to continue contacting Immortal Crane Sect in secret."</p> 
<p>Central Continent, Immortal Crane Sect.</p> 
<p>Verdant green trees grew as clear winds blew.</p> 
<p>In a pavilion near the middle of the mountain, a young Gu Immortal was blowing his flute.</p> 
<p>As the sound of the flute spread, an immortal crane fluttered in the sky.</p> 
<p>The young looking Gu Immortal wore a clean white robe, his eyebrows were green and long, extending to his waist. It was the enslavement path immortal He Feng Yang, he was known as the Winged Crane Flying Immortal.</p> 
<p>"I succeeded in passing my tribulation and became rank seven. But to think that the moment I came out of seclusion, I heard the shocking story of the reign of three venerables."</p> 
<p>"Not only did Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable revive, there is even a new Heaven Refining Demon Venerable!"</p> 
<p>"Gu Yue Fang Yuan..."</p> 
<p>He Feng Yang felt complex emotions.</p> 
<p>Back then, he was the one who asked Lord Sky Crane to head to Southern Border's Gu Yue village, he also dealt with Fang Yuan when trying to get Hu Immortal blessed land.</p> 
<p>"If I made up my mind back then and took action personally, could I have killed Fang Yuan?"</p> 
<p>This thought emerged in He Feng Yang's mind constantly.</p> 
<p>But soon, He Feng Yang shook his head. The chances were that he would fail. Because behind Fang Yuan, there was the contest of heaven's will and the other venerables. Also, even if he could have killed Fang Yuan, what was the point of saying it now?</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was already a Demon Venerable.</p> 
<p>While He Feng Yang had just gotten past rank six and advanced to rank seven.</p> 
<p>He Feng Yang felt dejected internally, but he also had other emotions like envy.</p> 
<p>He worked so hard for so many years, but he watched as a mortal like Fang Yuan rose rapidly in strength, eventually becoming a venerable! Fang Yuan had far surpassed him, he could not even see his shadow.</p> 
<p>But through this flute music, He Feng Yang slowly calmed down.</p> 
<p>"Everyone has their own opportunities."</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan was able to reach this stage, other than fortuitous encounters, he also had wisdom and courage to fight, he saw through many chaotic situations and had often gotten into dangerous situations."</p> 
<p>"But I am not without hope. During peaceful times, spending resources on enslavement path is wasteful for the sect. But with the arrival of the five regions chaotic war, as an enslavement path cultivator, the sect will think highly of me, they will give me more attention and resources."</p> 
<p>"Furthermore, I acted of my own accord and secretly sent Luo clan an information path Immortal Gu in the name of Immortal Crane Sect to try to recruit them. Since Luo clan's first supreme elder has not destroyed the information path Immortal Gu yet, this shows a clear attitude."</p> 
<p>"If this succeeds, it will be a huge accomplishment, I will get a lot of sect contribution points. By then, I can exchange for an immortal pill from Heavenly Court so that Little Nine can become an ancient desolate beast!"</p> 
<p>He Feng Yang looked at the nine palace crane in front of him and smiled.</p> 
<p>This nine palace crane was a desolate beast with a close relationship with He Feng Yang. Back then, it was hit by a time path Immortal Gu and regressed in age, becoming younger and younger until it became a baby. He Feng Yang tried his best to save it, paying a huge price for it to recover fully.</p> 
<p>Eastern Sea.</p> 
<p>Five colored smoke rumbled as it contracted, eventually going back into Fang Yuan's sovereign immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan sat cross-legged on the nameless island, he saw a wide area before him without any smoke left.</p> 
<p>Next, a large group of Gu Immortals came towards him. When they were a thousand steps away, they landed on the surface of the sea and kowtowed towards him, showing their subservience.</p> 
<p>These were Eastern Sea's righteous path Gu Immortals, the various first supreme elders of the respective clans were among them.</p> 
<p>Of course, they were led by the pseudo venerables, Shen Shang and Lu Wei Yin.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was stunned for a split second before understanding the situation, he laughed: "A wise man submits to circumstances, everyone, please get up. From today onwards, I will treat you equally like my other subordinates."</p> 
<p>The immortals showed expressions of gratitude as they said together: "We pay respects to Heaven Refining Demon Venerable, we are willing to give our lives to Lord Demon Venerable!"</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan shook his head slowly: "At this point, I should make a declaration to the world."</p> 
<p>He connected to treasure yellow heaven and started to make his declaration.</p> 
<p>"What, Heaven Refining Demon Venerable? I do not accept this title!"</p> 
<p>Shen Shang and the rest were stunned.</p> 
<p>"I am not in the demonic path, I am a righteous path member. All my past actions have been to seek blessings for all living beings in the world. I disregarded my own life and experienced countless crises to destroy fate, I granted freedom to everyone in the world! However, corrupt forces like Heavenly Court still try to suppress and slander me even now, they are trying to obstruct me!"</p> 
<p>"I was best friends with Lord Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable. In the battle of Crazed Demon Cave, he entrusted me with his wishes before dying, after becoming venerable, I will emulate Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, I will work for the harmony of the five regions!"</p> 
<p>"Everyone, do not believe in rumors, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was not killed by me, Star Constellation and Giant Sun cooperated to end his life."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan spoke in a righteous tone.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang and Lu Wei Yin stared at him blankly.</p> 
<p>The other Eastern Sea righteous path leaders were also listening like this was a dream.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan suddenly raised his volume, he said in an energetic tone: "Everyone, I want you to remember, I, Gu Yue Fang Yuan, am Great Love Immortal Venerable! From today onwards, I will create my Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, I will bring benefits to the world and peace to the five regions!!"</p> 
<p>News soon spread rapidly in treasure yellow heaven, every Gu Immortal in the world heard of it.</p> 
<p>Be they Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Chu Du who were currently grilling food, or the three higher-ups of Fang clan who were discussing secretly, or Luo clan's immortals, or He Feng Yang, they all received this shocking news.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan did not stop, he continued to speak.</p> 
<p>He placed a list in treasure yellow heaven that contained a vast number of Gu worm names. If any Gu Master or Gu Immortal paid the appropriate price, he would refine Gu for them. For mortal Gu, he did not restrict quantity, while in regards to Immortal Gu, he could even refine rank eight Immortal Gu for them!</p> 
<p>The five regions went into an uproar.</p> 
<p>"This is my promise as Gu Yue Fang Yuan, a refinement path venerable!"</p> 
<p>"Gu worms are the core of our cultivation, they are our foundation. But all along, they have been too rare and hard to refine, especially Immortal Gu."</p> 
<p>"Because of this, the first thing that I will do to benefit the world is to refine Immortal Gu for everyone. Regardless of our past grudges or enmity, be it friend or foe, I will not mind it, I will refine Gu for everyone equally. This will prove the great love in my heart!"</p> 
<p>"I know what you are worried about. But in fact, I have already made many transactions with various forces and Gu Immortals, I refined many Immortal Gu for them."</p> 
<p>"For example, I've transacted many times with Western Desert's Fang clan, this is all evidence!"</p> 
<p>In Western Desert, Fang Gong, Fang Di Chang, and Fang Hua Sheng stared with wide eyes.</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang, who had earlier emphasized that they should 'keep a low-profile and not cause public outrage' turned pale immediately.</p> 
<p>"Or for example, Southern Border's Wu clan. I have refined more than one rank eight Immortal Gu for Wu Yong, the evidence is here!"</p> 
<p>Wu Yong:"..."</p> 
<p>Luo clan's members: "..."</p> 
<p>Luo Fei held her head and felt like her heart had broken: "Why? Lord Wu Yong, you actually cooperated with Fang Yuan secretly... why?!"</p> 
<p>"Or for example, Northern Plains' Bai Zu tribe, I have many possible areas of cooperation with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, we have been in close contact." Fang Yuan continued to announce.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was like a stone statue, the skewer in his hand that he was roasting went up in flames.</p> 
<p>Chu Du looked at him, seemingly saying: Brother, what is wrong with you? Since you have been in contact with Fang Yuan all along, why did you want to use my connection with him?</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan continued to say: "Not just Northern Plains, Central Continent is involved too. For example, Immortal Crane Sect's He Feng Yang, I have been in contact with him since my younger days, we have truly become acquainted as a result of past conflicts."</p> 
<p>"Slander, this is pure slander!!" He Feng Yang smashed the jade flute in his hand, he shivered intensely.</p> 
<p>Finally, Fang Yuan said: "Whether you believe me or not, that is up to you. Risks exist all the time, but what if this is true? Why don't you try first?"</p> 
<p>"Everyone, please give me some of your trust!"</p> 
<p>"Since long ago, countless people have misunderstood me. Thus, allow me to prove now to the people over the world that I am truly Great Love Immortal Venerable!!"</p> 
<p>After Fang Yuan's declaration.</p> 
<p>Winds blew on the surface of the sea.</p> 
<p>The kneeling Eastern Sea Gu Immortals raised their heads and looked towards Fang Yuan in a daze.</p> 
<p>Looking at them, Fang Yuan showed a kind and sincere smile: "Everyone, please get up. You have already joined my Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, you will receive greater preferential treatment as the first batch."</p> 
<p>"I guarantee you that."</p>
    </body>
</html>
