<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2291: Fang Yuan’s Admiration Towards Star Constellation</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2291: Fang Yuan’s Admiration Towards Star Constellation</h1>
        <p>During this period of time, how many Gu Masters went through immortal ascension in sovereign immortal aperture?</p>
<p>Golden Fur Immortal Monarch, Hair Monster Grotto Lord, Lightning Lion Warrior, Dharma Lion Warrior, Solid Rock Warrior, Steel Rush Warrior, Frost Butterfly Warrior, An Chong, Ye Zhi, Crossing Heaven Immortal Monarch, Black Locust, Rainbow Rock Immortal Concubine, Great Wisdom Immortal Mother, Bing Yuan, Bing Zhuo, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, Shi Zong, Ke Xin Hong, the six eggmen of Rotten Egg grotto-heaven, Xiao He Jian, Green Forest Great Sage, and now, Gu Yue Fang Xiang!</p>
<p>Most of the Gu Immortals who died in Crazed Demon Cave were already revived. This was excluding those who died during the chaotic disaster.</p>
<p>But Fang Yuan did not revive them as Gu Immortals, he only gave them Gu Master cultivation level.</p>
<p>One was to save resources and prevent Human Sea from getting expended, the other reason was for this opportunity!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had always had a broad vision, he was also skilled at creating plans.</p>
<p>But in the past, his plans were often unable to keep up with changes.</p>
<p>Now, he had rank nine cultivation level, he was a refinement path venerable. With the destruction of fate Gu, there were few things in the world that could disrupt his plans!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had purposely made accumulations in the past, now, during this trend of immortal ascension, he benefited immensely.</p>
<p>In just a few months, in just sovereign immortal aperture alone, more than thirty Gu Masters went through immortal ascension, this was excluding Fang Yuan’s subordinate super forces in Eastern Sea and the two heavens.</p>
<p>Wu clan who was extremely famous now could not compare with such results.</p>
<p>But Fang Yuan concealed them all, not a single bit of information was leaked.</p>
<p>As for the benefits of immortal ascension, only a very small portion was for those who became rank six Gu Immortals, the bulk of the gains went to Fang Yuan through stealing heavenly secret!</p>
<p>This was something that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could not dream of obtaining.</p>
<p>The truth was, even Fang Yuan did not think that his gains would be so huge!!</p>
<p>He obtained a large number of killer moves, Gu recipes, Immortal Gu Houses, immortal formations, blueprints to construct battlefield killer moves, countless ways to cultivate resources, as well as the most comprehensive map of the current five regions, and the location of various wild Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>After satisfying his needs, he looked into human path, pill path, painting path, star path, luck path, and others.</p>
<p>The outcome was extremely surprising to Fang Yuan, he was pleasantly stunned!</p>
<p>He had only given it a test but he obtained musician Immortal Gu’s recipe, thief Immortal Gu’s recipe, soldier Immortal Gu’s recipe, sergeant Immortal Gu’s recipe, and others, he even obtained a vast number of pill path and painting path Immortal Gu recipes.</p>
<p>He also gained various profundities of luck path, star path, and soul path that were very useful to him.</p>
<p>Now that Fang Yuan recalled it, the human path gains shocked him the most: ”To think that human path has already developed to this extent in the current world.”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan did not know of the existence of the derivation formation, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had hidden it too well.</p>
<p>However, the root issue was with the derivation formation.</p>
<p>The core of the derivation formation was rank nine derivation Gu, it was not refined by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable so it was still a wild Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>It was not that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not want to refine it, but it could only be used in this situation as a wild Gu.</p>
<p>Once derivation Gu was refined by a person, it would become useless.</p>
<p>Limitless Demon Venerable had given it a try, thus, the Crazed Demon formation still used a wild rank nine derivation Gu as the core.</p>
<p>However, the innermost layers of Crazed Demon Cave were isolated from the main world, thus, it did not matter if derivation Gu was wild or not.</p>
<p>This was not the case for Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court had devoured too many nine heavens fragments, it was full of heaven’s will and was the largest heaven vein node in the two heavens.</p>
<p>When the two heavens were fusing, Heavenly Court had to mobilize all their rank eight experts and Immortal Gu Houses to survive the ordeal. In the end, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable personally took action after refining all of Heavenly Court’s wisdom path dao marks. She stabilized the situation and prevented Spectral Soul Demon Venerable from finding them.</p>
<p>The current derivation formation was situated inside Heavenly Court, it was observable by heaven’s will.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could not stop that as long as it was inside Heavenly Court</p>
<p>Heaven’s will was one of the foundations of Heavenly Court itself.</p>
<p>Other than Heavenly Court, where else could she safely put the derivation formation?</p>
<p>Nowhere.</p>
<p>At least, nowhere in Central Continent.</p>
<p>Thus, everything within the derivation formation was also known by heaven and earth.</p>
<p>This was a major flaw that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable knew.</p>
<p>But it did not matter.</p>
<p>Or rather, in her perspective, it did not matter.</p>
<p>The reason?</p>
<p>Heaven’s will did not like any of the venerables now.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had revived, how could heaven’s will allow people to revive?</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was even worse, he was a complete otherworldly demon, one of the main culprits who destroyed fate Gu.</p>
<p>Only Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was more favored by heaven’s will.</p>
<p>But he had lost his senses, even if he wanted to target Heavenly Court, with the door shut tight, he could not find his way in!</p>
<p>Even if he entered, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had the amplification of Heavenly Court’s wisdom path dao marks, would she fear him? It would be the best chance to kill him!</p>
<p>Like how Fang Yuan did not know of the derivation formation, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable also did not know that Fang Yuan had rank nine heavenly secret Gu.</p>
<p>And most importantly, Fang Yuan created stealing heavenly secret killer move!</p>
<p>Regardless of the inclination of heaven’s will, Fang Yuan could use natural inspiration to steal countless heavenly secrets.</p>
<p>The three qi surrounded Gu Yue Fang Xiang who was currently undergoing natural inspiration.</p>
<p>Seeing this, Fang Yuan restrained his scattered thoughts and focused: ”What heavenly secret should I steal this time?”</p>
<p>He thought about it: ”I can ask for Heavenly Court’s information directly, that seems fine. No matter how Star Constellation Immortal Venerable tries to hide things, my stealing heavenly secret is rank nine. If she wants to resist it, she needs to have a rank nine wisdom path Immortal Gu to achieve a qualitative change!</p>
<p>No matter how many wisdom path dao marks Heavenly Court had, it was only a quantitative amplification.</p>
<p>When Gu Yue Fang Xiang’s aperture exploded to create an immortal aperture, becoming a rank six Gu Immortal, Fang Yuan’s body shook.</p>
<p>“Derivation immortal formation?!”</p>
<p>“Star Constellation Immortal Venerable hid it too deeply, I only found out now.”</p>
<p>“So that’s it.”</p>
<p>“Incredible, as expected of the number one wisdom path expert throughout the past and present!”</p>
<p>At this moment, Fang Yuan felt deep admiration towards Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>She actually had such a method to rapidly promote the development of various paths.</p>
<p>The might of wisdom path was truly terrifying.</p>
<p>Such an enemy was worth admiring!</p>
<p>Northern Plains.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable stopped his action of refining Northern Plains’ luck path dao marks.</p>
<p>“It is about time.”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable inspected the surroundings first. He had a unique way of refining Northern Plains’ luck path dao marks, he did not stay at the same place for long, moving to other places after fully refining all of the dao marks in one area.</p>
<p>Instead, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable refined dao marks broadly, after refining sixty percent of the luck path dao marks of a certain area in Northern Plains, he would move on to the next location and continue his refinement.</p>
<p>After the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable started to refine Northern Plains’ dao marks.</p>
<p>After various events like the Great Love declaration, Fang clan’s saga, Spectral Soul destroying the sun, the three venerables’ contest over light Gu, and the trend of immortal ascension, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable finally refined sixty percent of Northern Plains’ luck path dao marks.</p>
<p>He had already covered the entire Northern Plains.</p>
<p>At the same time, he did not forget to develop his own rank nine immortal aperture, he went through several tribulations and put in several resource points.</p>
<p>With the increased foundation of his rank nine immortal aperture, his immortal essence production speed also rose.</p>
<p>As time passed, the immortal aperture foundation of the venerables would rise rapidly, their immortal essence would become more abundant.</p>
<p>BUt now, Giant Sun’s immortal aperture was still far inferior to Longevity Heaven.</p>
<p>Longevity Heaven was the rank nine immortal aperture that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had in his previous life. Because it did not devour any nine heavens fragment, it had gone through many calamities and tribulations over the years, gaining a huge number of dao marks through them.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not have sovereign immortal aperture, he could not annex a larger immortal aperture, while he also had to cultivate blood path. Thus, if he wanted to annex Longevity Heaven and gain the maximum benefit, he still lacked a lot of accumulation.</p>
<p>In terms of foundation, Longevity Heaven was inferior to Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court had the immortal aperture of three venerables, while Giant Sun Immortal Venerable only had his own rank nine aperture as the foundation of his previous life.</p>
<p>But Longevity Heaven had a huge advantage that Heavenly Court lacked.</p>
<p>In the future, after Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s blood path cultivation reach a certain level, he could annex Longevity Heaven to raise his strength to a terrifying level!</p>
<p>After some rest, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable started to prepare his killer move.</p>
<p>As the killer move activated, soon, with the amplification of sixty percent of Northern Plains’ luck path dao marks, a golden light appeared in the sky, dying the sky of the entire Northern Plains.</p>
<p>“Good, with this luck path killer move, in the future when my bloodline descendants undergo tribulation, they will receive some help!”</p>
<p>This was not just for immortal ascension, in the future, when Gu Immortals undergo calamities and tribulations, this luck path killer move would take effect and turn the tribulation into one that the Gu Immortal could easily deal with, at the same time, the power of the tribulation would also be adjusted accordingly.</p>
<p>If the Gu Immortal undergoing tribulation was strong, the luck path killer move would make the calamities and tribulations stronger, so that they could get more dao marks after succeeding.</p>
<p>Conversely, weakening the calamities and tribulations would allow the Gu Immortals to survive and pass the tribulation.</p>
<p>This luck path killer move was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s newest creation, it contained the profundity of heaven and earth luck and all living being’s luck, in the future, it could even fuse with self luck to form a mystical power.</p>
<p>After Giant Sun Immortal Venerable refined most of Northern Plains’ luck path dao marks, the Huang Jin tribes of the entire region benefited as a result.</p>
<p>The mystic power of luck path was starting to display itself on a wide scale.</p>
<p>In the future, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable planned to use other luck path killer moves to support the entire Northern Plains.</p>
<p>He would let himself, Longevity Heaven, and the various Huang Jin tribes to have positive variables in anything they did, not just tribulations, they would have good luck.</p>
<p>If the Gu cultivator was strong, they would have a tough time at first and be suppressed, eventually, they would experience a rebound and gain immense benefits.</p>
<p>“However, these luck path killer moves need to be modified and carefully chosen.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable pondered deeply.</p>
<p>He could not use too many of such killer moves.</p>
<p>Killer moves would carve dao marks upon use.</p>
<p>If he used them too much, the entire Northern Plains would turn into a luck path environment.</p>
<p>This had its flaws.</p>
<p>Because of conflicting dao marks, all other paths would be greatly suppressed. This was not beneficial to the growth of Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>Thus, this step was very important and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable needed to find a balance.</p>
<p>“There is no rush in doing this, I need to consider the benefits and costs more deeply.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable thought as he used his investigative killer move again.</p>
<p>This time, he was not inspecting the venerables but the region of Northern Plains instead.</p>
<p>Soon, a vague luck distribution map appeared in Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s mind.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable frowned slightly.</p>
<p>In his first life, there was great effect when he used this killer move. Now, the effect was more vague, especially towards the borders.</p>
<p>“Back then, the five regions were separated and independent, they were not tightly connected. Thus, it was easier to inspect the luck of one region.”</p>
<p>“But now, the five regions are united while the two heavens turned into spectral heaven. To achieve the same level of investigative power as my previous life, I will need to refine all of the luck path dao marks in the five regions.”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable reached a conclusion and stopped using his killer move.</p>
<p>He had just used two immortal killer moves in succession, they used a lot of immortal killer move. His immortal killer move storage had reached an alarming level once again.</p>
<p>Next, he would need to rest for some time before refining Northern Plains’ dao marks again. Otherwise, he would be in danger if the venerables decide to fight.</p>
    </body>
</html>