<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2202: Chu Du&apos;s Danger</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2202: Chu Du&apos;s Danger</h1>
        
        <p>Northern Plains.</p> 
<p>Chu tribe headquarters.</p> 
<p>"First supreme elder is still in closed cultivation? Today is the day of the battle." Chou Lao Wu continued to rub his hands together. He was thin with a slightly humped back, his naturally sad face looked even more depressed right now.</p> 
<p>"Relax, since first supreme elder agreed to Black Moon's challenge, why would he retreat just before the fight? We just need to wait patiently." Hao Zhen was leaning on a wall with arms crossed in front of him, he showed a composed expression.</p> 
<p>He was a middle aged bearded man, he was tall and muscular. He and Chou Lao Wu were good friends, the two could activate a signature killer move called wind thunder roar together.</p> 
<p>Because of this, Chou Lao Wu and Hao Zhen were called the wind and lightning demons. After siding with Chu Du, they became second only to Chu Du as the strongest battle strength of Chu tribe!</p> 
<p>"Actually, avoiding the battle is also an option." In another direction, Immortal Wang suddenly said softly.</p> 
<p>He had a short stature, he had a red nose and small triangular eyes, he was a transformation path Gu Immortal who was proficient in transforming into dog breeds.</p> 
<p>"What did you say?!" Hao Zhen was infuriated, he quickly approached Immortal Wang, staring at him with furious eyes, "Is first supreme elder someone who avoids a battle? He is the mighty Chu Du, are you trying to defame first supreme elder?"</p> 
<p>Hao Zhen held Immortal Wang by his shirt and raised him to the air.</p> 
<p>Immortal Wang was immediately furious, shouting: "Let go! You brute, if you don't let go, don't blame me for attacking you!"</p> 
<p>Seeing the situation getting out of hand, Chou Lao Wu quickly pulled Hao Zhen away, while Li Si Chun held Immortal Wang.</p> 
<p>Li Si Chun had a square face with thick eyebrows and huge eyes, his nose bridge was very tall, his chest had thick black hair that was exposed, he was a man but he wore a flowery skirt.</p> 
<p>He tapped his fingers together and said in a feminine voice :"Come on, don't argue, okay? I am already agitated, if we have an internal fight now, then our Chu tribe will really face a crisis."</p> 
<p>Immortal Wang snorted coldly, flinging away Li Si Chun's hand: "This is Chu tribe's crisis. We should deal with it cautiously! If first supreme elder was still a lone force, it would not matter to us if he battled or not. But he is not, he is our Chu tribe's first supreme elder. Do you know what the consequences will be if he loses? You brute!"</p> 
<p>Hao Zhen snorted, not saying a word.</p> 
<p>Because he knew Immortal Wang was not wrong.</p> 
<p>Chu Du established a sect called Chu Sect. He used his connections and methods to invite many immortals to go against Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, but he allied with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu later and forced these Gu Immortals into joining him to form Chu Sect.</p> 
<p>His actions turned the situation around.</p> 
<p>After establishing Chu Sect, Chu Du used his charisma and tricks to subdue the people's hearts.</p> 
<p>But good times did not last long. Under the pressure of Longevity Heaven and the Huang Jin tribes, Chu Du was forced to change Chu Sect into Chu tribe.</p> 
<p>Thus, Chu Du took in his trained strength path Gu Immortals as his adopted children, removing the sect system and using the tribe system to rule.</p> 
<p>Even so, Chu tribe was still being doubted and pressured because Chu Du had no children of his own.</p> 
<p>Thereupon, Chu Du took the initiative to participate in the fate war, this decision helped to stabilize Chu tribe's status.</p> 
<p>The situation changed again now.</p> 
<p>Fate Gu was destroyed, the rumors of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's revival kept on growing larger. Longevity Heaven sent a command to Northern Plains' righteous path to subdue lone and demonic immortals, attempting to unite Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world.</p> 
<p>Lone and demonic immortals were extremely resistant towards this, they felt disgusted towards the Huang Jin tribes.</p> 
<p>Because of this, Bai Zu tribe and Chu tribe became much more attractive to join.</p> 
<p>Many of the lone and demonic immortals were solitary. They would rather choose to join Chu tribe and Bai Zu tribe than join the Huang Jin tribes.</p> 
<p>Chu Du was of lone cultivator origin, Bai Zu tribe's Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was too.</p> 
<p>These two tribes benefited from this and expanded quite a lot.</p> 
<p>As a result, they were being watched secretly by Longevity Heaven.</p> 
<p>"Sigh, where did this Fairy Black Moon come from? Her origin is mysterious, it is like she came out of a rock, we cannot investigate her background at all."</p> 
<p>"Northern Plains is such a large region, there are many hidden experts, what is so strange about Fairy Black Moon? But she actually challenged first supreme elder, she is just asking for humiliation!"</p> 
<p>"Not necessarily. Objectively speaking, this person is extremely strong. After she appeared, she continuously challenged many experts, but has yet to face a defeat. In the most recent challenge, she even defeated Liu Chang. Fairy Black Moon revealed new methods in almost every battle. Her totem killer move is her trump card, and she is even rumored to be an inheritor of Reckless Savage."</p> 
<p>Chou Lao Wu and the group discussed.</p> 
<p>Currently, Hei Lou Lan had a huge reputation, she won repeatedly, displaying peak rank seven battle strength that was comparable to rank eight strength! And also because of the rumors of being Reckless Savage's inheritor, her overall prestige suppressed Chu Du.</p> 
<p>"I can already see Fairy Black Moon's aims. She has huge ambitions, she gathered so many people around her, challenging people to gain reputation. Right now, she has already become a symbol and banner of the demonic path and lone cultivators. It was an inevitable matter for her to challenge Lord Chu Du. Even if she did not challenge him now, she would have to challenge sooner or later. Because once she wins, her reputation will double at least, and she will have authority to lead Northern Plains' lone and demonic immortals!" Hao Zhen analyzed.</p> 
<p>Under the pressure, lone and demonic immortals who were willing to surrender to the righteous path had already surrendered.</p> 
<p>The remaining ones were recalcitrants.</p> 
<p>And these recalcitrants had a few tricks up their sleeves. After all, without strength, they had no qualifications to be stubborn.</p> 
<p>And to these recalcitrants, Chu Du, who had established a righteous path tribe and worked with the Huang Jin tribes, even having participated in the fate war, was clearly Longevity Heaven's dog. To them, he was even more hateful than the Huang Jin tribes.</p> 
<p>If Fairy Black Moon defeated Chu Du, she would definitely win their hearts. Her gains would no doubt be much more remarkable than when she defeated Liu Chang.</p> 
<p>On the contrary, Chu tribe was already being suppressed by Longevity Heaven, it had to fully rely on Chu Du.</p> 
<p>Chu tribe was not tied together using blood relationship, the master-disciple system also could not be openly established. The tribe was mostly maintained by Chu Du's charisma alone.</p> 
<p>Chu Du was the spiritual banner of Chu tribe, should this banner collapse, Chu tribe would definitely suffer heavily. Their progress would be severely obstructed, they would lose their grasp of the people's hearts, they would start to decline rapidly.</p> 
<p>People like Chou Lao Wu were worried. Right now, they had already become Chu tribe's core members who enjoyed the benefits.</p> 
<p>They did not want Chu tribe to decline.</p> 
<p>"Sigh, if we could ask for darling, Lord Fang Yuan's help, that would be great." Li Si Chun sighed.</p> 
<p>Immortal Wang shook his head: "No, that is too risky. Lord Fang Yuan's demonic might is indeed awe-inspiring, maybe even Longevity Heaven will show restraint. But what if Giant Sun Immortal Venerable revives in the future? Although Fang Yuan is strong, he is not a match for a venerable. If we do this, it will just be a short term pleasure. But it is actually a stupid way to isolate ourselves from Northern Plains' righteous path."</p> 
<p>"Keep quiet. They are here." Chou Lao Wu suddenly reminded.</p> 
<p>More than ten Gu Immortals came this time.</p> 
<p>Half were Chu Du's adopted sons, they cultivated strength path and had ordinary cultivation level.</p> 
<p>The rest were those lone and demonic immortals that Chu tribe had recruited recently.</p> 
<p>Although their strength was higher than the adopted sons, their loyalty was unable to be verified for the moment, so it was rather troublesome to use them.</p> 
<p>"External elders, where is lord father?"</p> 
<p>"First supreme elder?"</p> 
<p>"It is already the appointed time, why has first supreme elder not appeared yet?"</p> 
<p>These people asked all kinds of questions.</p> 
<p>"Who allowed you to come?" Hao Zhen walked forward, Chou Lao Wu, Immortal Wang, and Li Si Chun stood behind him, coldly watching these newcomers.</p> 
<p>At this moment, the four immortals restrained their internal conflict and stood up as one.</p> 
<p>"External elders, please don't blame us, we are really concerned about our adopted father's safety."</p> 
<p>"Yes, since we joined Chu tribe, Lord Chu Du is our leader. Is it wrong for us to feel concerned?"</p> 
<p>It became noisy again.</p> 
<p>Their anxiety was clear as day.</p> 
<p>Hao Zhen was just about to berate them when an aura spread, which made the immortals turn around.</p> 
<p>The closed bronze door of the secret room opened. Chu Du walked out slowly with an indifferent expression.</p> 
<p>"First supreme elder."</p> 
<p>"Lord father!"</p> 
<p>"Hmm." Chu Du nodded slightly, smiling as he looked around, "Since you are here, hold the line for me."</p> 
<p>Chu Du's mood was heavy.</p> 
<p>The actual situation was much more serious than what Li Si Chun and the rest discussed.</p> 
<p>These recently recruited lone and demonic immortals were opportunists, there might even be spies among them.</p> 
<p>The adopted sons looked respectful and humble, but in fact, they already held resentment towards Chu Du. On one hand, they blamed Chu Du for cultivating them into strength path that had uncertain prospects, on the other hand, when they underwent immortal ascension, Chu Du used them to absorb Reckless Savage's true meaning, causing them to suffer huge losses.</p> 
<p>Chu Du was aware: Chu tribe seemed to be united, but it was already at the juncture of declining!</p> 
<p>If he could win against Fairy Black Moon, Chu Du could still maintain the original state. If he were to be defeated, Chu tribe would definitely decline, and it would likely be a disastrous decline. People would look down on them, no one would join, they would keep on growing weaker until Chu tribe members became cannon fodder in the five regions chaotic war.</p> 
<p>"Lord, with so many people leaving, what about our territory's defense?" Chou Lao Wu asked.</p> 
<p>Chu Du waved his sleeve, saying with a carefree tone: "It doesn't matter. How many resource points do we have that are truly valuable? As for the headquarters, Gu Immortals need to be stationed, draw sticks to settle it."</p> 
<p>Although Chu tribe was established, they had few resource points and were of poor quality. It could be said they were lacking resources to develop.</p> 
<p>Like this, a few unlucky Gu Immortals were selected to guard the headquarters. Chu Du took almost all the Chu tribe Gu Immortals towards the appointed battlefield.</p> 
<p>Chu Du was not even a little panicked, moving leisurely.</p> 
<p>On the way, Gu Immortals of the Huang Jin tribes appeared and joined Chu Du's group.</p> 
<p>These Gu Immortals might exclude Chu tribe and Bai Zu tribe secretly during normal times, but they naturally stood beside Chu Du when facing an outsider like Fairy Black Moon.</p> 
<p>When they were halfway through the journey, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu appeared.</p> 
<p>Only then did Chu Du truly let out a sigh of relief.</p>
    </body>
</html>
