<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2047: Carelessness</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2047: Carelessness</h1>
        
        <p>When Fairy Zi Wei and the rest arrived, they could only see an endless stream of black bats.</p> 
<p>In this layer of the underground abyss, black bats were the sole rulers of all the living beings, right now, they felt provoked, they went into madness and rage.</p> 
<p>Immemorial black bats commanded ancient black bats while ancient black bats commanded desolate beast black bats, these desolate beast black bats controlled the countless ordinary bats. When Shadow Sect, Longevity Heaven, and Heavenly Court arrived, the furious black bats poured their anger that had nowhere to be vented at these three parties.</p> 
<p>Even though the three parties contained the strongest Gu Immortals in the current world, they could not help but freeze in their steps.</p> 
<p>"Why are there so many black bats!"</p> 
<p>"We need to kill the immemorial black bats to get rid of these beasts."</p> 
<p>"There are too many of them, these black bats are simply endless, we cannot waste time here, our primary goal is still Fang Yuan!"</p> 
<p>The three groups charged into the black bat groups, they tried to move in this dangerous environment.</p> 
<p>All of the Gu Immortals were top tier rank eight Gu Immortals in the current world, even though there were countless bats, they were still unable to match the immortals in actual combat.</p> 
<p>But by the time the immortals got out of the bat groups, they could not see Myriad Year Flying Warship, Spectral Soul, Qing Chou, or others.</p> 
<p>"What happened?"</p> 
<p>"Where are they? There are no clues left behind at all!"</p> 
<p>"This is impossible, we chased them according to the traces left behind from their fight."</p> 
<p>The immortals were shocked and uncertain.</p> 
<p>Calamity Luck Altar burst out with golden radiance, melting the surrounding bats, a huge space was created immediately.</p> 
<p>From within Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan's impatient voice resounded: "Fairy Zi Wei, tell me, where is Fang Yuan?"</p> 
<p>Old Man Zheng Yuan snorted coldly: "Why would we know?"</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling sneered: "Shadow Sect, do you really think we are ignorant of your tricks? You waited and did not chase them, wasn't it because you were trying to disrupt us?"</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling spoke in a sharp tone, it seemed like she was sowing discord but it sounded like the truth, Shadow Sect got into a predicament immediately.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan, Spectral Soul, Qing Chou, Qi Sea, and Qi Jue all vanished, it was just too strange. The three forces chasing them became extremely anxious.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei was also frowning deeply as she said: "We have lost contact with our master. I believe that other forces have interfered, the important thing is to find them now, if we fight among ourselves, this external force will succeed in their goal."</p> 
<p>Bing Sai Chuan spoke in an icy tone, not concealing his killing intent: "Then show me the capabilities of a wisdom path great expert."</p> 
<p>"Hmph, just you watch." Fairy Zi Wei said as she started to activate her killer move, making deductions rapidly.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling did not speak but her killing intent was not concealed either. If she found any tricks from Shadow Sect, Heavenly Court would definitely attack them immediately.</p> 
<p>Creak creak...</p> 
<p>The surrounding black bats approached again, the Gu Immortals hesitated for a moment before quickly attacking and resisting the black bats for Fairy Zi Wei.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei's body was shining in a purple-gold light, aurora spread out constantly.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei's expression turned increasingly pale, immortal essence was expended rapidly until her body started shivering. Afterwards, she opened her eyes, purple light filling her pupils.</p> 
<p>As the purple-gold light faded away, Fairy Zi Wei's pupils returned to normal.</p> 
<p>Her aura was significantly weaker now, it was clear that she had done her best in the deduction.</p> 
<p>Under everyone's supervision, she let out a breath of air: "I deduced it, a battlefield killer move enveloped all of them, causing us to not sense them anywhere."</p> 
<p>"Battlefield killer move?"</p> 
<p>"Who is ambushing them here?"</p> 
<p>"Hmph, do you have evidence?"</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei sneered, as a wisdom path great expert, she would naturally not end up empty-handed, she immediately split the bat groups apart as she directed the immortals to a trace of earth path aura that was about to dissipate.</p> 
<p>After sensing the aura, the immortals started to analyze it.</p> 
<p>"It is an earth path killer move indeed!"</p> 
<p>"It really seems like a battlefield killer move."</p> 
<p>"Watch me, I will find it!"</p> 
<p>A certain Gu Immortal of Heavenly Court made his move, he was very confident at the start but soon, he returned without any progress.</p> 
<p>Soon, this trace of earth path aura dissipated, only the bat groups remained to fight against the three groups of immortals.</p> 
<p>The immortals' expressions were very ugly.</p> 
<p>Some were still suspicious about Shadow Sect, some were thinking about ways to find the enclosed immortal battlefield, some were forced to fight against the black bats.</p> 
<p>Longevity Heaven's Bing Sai Chuan still held some suspicions.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei had the heaviest mood, she dealt with the black bats as she asked Heavenly Court: "You should be most familiar with this earth path aura! Heavenly Court, what do you think?"</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling was silent for a moment before she said: "Indeed, this resembles Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable's method. We have the same idea now, to find this immortal battlefield and destroy it!"</p> 
<p>"So it is Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable's force, no wonder..." Bing Sai Chuan realized at once.</p> 
<p>In history, among the ten venerables, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was the most skilled at using immortal battlefield killer moves. His capability in this aspect was publicly known as the number one among venerables! Right now, the Reincarnation Battlefield that he created was still existing in Central Continent, owned by the ten great ancient sects.</p> 
<p>Why did Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable's force take action?</p> 
<p>None of the immortals here were surprised.</p> 
<p>Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable were on opposite sides, everyone knew that. Back then, Spectral Soul slaughtered everyone in his way, causing great terror and chaos, all of the people in the five regions lived in fear, the righteous path was weak while the demonic path surged. Ever since Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable started cultivation, he worked hard to turn this trend around, he restored peace to the world and suppressed the demonic path, he brought fortune to the world.</p> 
<p>Because of the ideologies of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, they had always conflicted.</p> 
<p>"To find Paradise Earth's battlefield and destroy it, the difficulty is just..." Bing Sai Chuan shook his head, even an expert like him hesitated and felt troubled.</p> 
<p>"Why would Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable's force take action? And why would they wait here in ambush?" A Gu Immortal asked.</p> 
<p>This question made Fairy Zi Wei's mood even heavier, a dark cloud loomed over her, shrouding her face.</p> 
<p>"It must be Fang Yuan!" Even though there was no evidence, Fairy Zi Wei still said that with great confidence.</p> 
<p>She had fought against Fang Yuan too many times, she was basically the loser each time. This feeling of defeat was too common to Fairy Zi Wei, she had experienced it countless times.</p> 
<p>Each time she thought that victory was close, Fang Yuan would turn the situation around.</p> 
<p>This current situation was also the same, Fairy Zi Wei felt very familiar with it.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling agreed with Fairy Zi Wei's deduction: "We chased after Fang Yuan, but from another perspective, he was leading us here. While chasing and escaping, this route was planned by Fang Yuan. If he cooperated with Paradise Earth's force and created this situation, it is indeed the easiest way. But why would Paradise Earth's force cooperate with a demon like Fang Yuan? We have not seen it ourselves, is this really Paradise Earth's force? Or rather, which force under Paradise Earth is it?"</p> 
<p>Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was the closest venerable to the current era, he naturally left behind the highest number of forces.</p> 
<p>Different from other venerables, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had never intentionally focused on developing any single force.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court had Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, and Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, it was developed by the three of them through painstaking effort. Longevity Heaven was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's grotto-heaven, it was the foundation that he had left behind. Shadow Sect was operated by Spectral Soul's split souls for many years, it used Zombie Alliance as the front to slowly accumulate influence and strength.</p> 
<p>Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was different, he helped and assisted many different forces. For example, the Merman Imperial Court in Eastern Sea, it was because he did not want to see the merfolk get bullied. There was also Southern Border's Mushroomman Paradise, it was made because he did not want to see the mushroommen get slaughtered mercilessly.</p> 
<p>Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had the ability to turn an immortal aperture into a paradise, he helped many Gu Immortals in his life, he altered many grotto-heavens and blessed lands.</p> 
<p>He even helped to enlighten many legendary immemorial beasts, for example, the blue dragon whale.</p> 
<p>Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable did not just help humans, he also helped variant humans, or even other living beings that were in need.</p> 
<p>Thus, he was the most loved venerable and also the most merciful. Even though Heavenly Court's Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable also helped out countless living beings, he was mostly focused on helping nature and repairing habitats.</p> 
<p>The other venerables all had offensive methods but only Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable did not.</p> 
<p>Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had also left behind his true inheritances in various places. Southern Border's Mushroomman Paradise was one of them, thus, their leader, Southern Border's Gu Immortal Lu Wei Yin, was also called Paradise Earth's inheritor, nobody could refute it. Before the fate war, Fairy Zi Wei even went to the Mushroomman Paradise and borrowed benevolence Gu.</p> 
<p>All the immortals could not think of an answer now.</p> 
<p>Because of Paradise Earth's actions, many forces and Gu Immortals were related to him in some way. There was no way of knowing which force it was exactly.</p> 
<p>"Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable focused on removing Spectral Soul's influence his entire life, he was a merciful and benevolent person who brought peace. Would his force cooperate with a demon like Fang Yuan? It is not impossible. Didn't Heavenly Court cooperate with me temporarily as well?" Fairy Zi Wei's heart was filled with a solemn emotion.</p> 
<p>The more she thought, the worse she found the situation.</p> 
<p>The reason why Heavenly Court worked with Shadow Sect was so that Fang Yuan and Spectral Soul would fight each other, it would be great if these two demons were killed at the same time!</p> 
<p>If Paradise Earth's force and Fang Yuan cooperated while having such thoughts, why would it be impossible?</p> 
<p>With Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable's status and nature, he would not do something like laying an ambush. But the Immortal Venerable had died already, nobody knew the temperament of the force that he left behind, or even his inheritor!</p> 
<p>"This situation must have surpassed master's expectations."</p> 
<p>"But there can be a worse situation, that is, Fang Yuan planned all of this. He gave up on Dragon Palace and Myriad Year Flying Warship just so he could lure master into this battlefield."</p> 
<p>"No matter what the truth is, I need to do my best to save master!!"</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei sensed something amiss, she was very anxious. As a wisdom path great expert, any changes in her emotions needed to be assigned great importance.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul had an advantage against Fang Yuan of course, but against another venerable's force, it would not be so certain. And most importantly, this was the venerable who purposely went against Spectral Soul in history, Paradise Earth!</p> 
<p>At the same time, in the earth path battlefield.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul looked at the surrounding sand, his expression turned cold as ice: "Good, very good. So you are Lu Wei Yin, the current generation inheritor of Paradise Earth?"</p> 
<p>A Gu Immortal stepped on a yellow cloud, he cupped his fists at Spectral Soul: "Lord Demon Venerable is very perceptive, I have been waiting here for a long time."</p> 
<p>At the side, Fang Yuan urged: "Lu Wei Yin, I lured him here already. Don't expect me to take action now, show me your sincerity... urgh!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan suddenly stopped speaking as he retreated rapidly.</p> 
<p>It was too late!</p> 
<p>In an instant, Spectral Soul suddenly arrived in front of him using an unknown method.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, you are too careless. It is a pity you got this far, but go and die now!" Spectral Soul stretched out his hand as he grabbed Fang Yuan's neck.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan stared with eyes wide open, he could not break free!</p>
    </body>
</html>
