<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1978: Human Path, Changing Luck</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1978: Human Path, Changing Luck</h1>
        
        <p>Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Central Continent.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan stood under the thousand wish tree, looking up only to see a blazing light in the sky, there were specks and lumps, fading and flickering, it was truly a dazzling sight.</p> 
<p>Looking at the ground, sand and dust rumbled as wind was blowing wildly.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's eyes flickered with cold light.</p> 
<p>His heaven path dao marks were increasing in number!</p> 
<p>He had originally gained three thousand or so dao marks from the Gu refinement, but now, he was approaching three thousand five hundred dao marks.</p> 
<p>With the increase in heaven path dao marks, the number of other dao marks in Fang Yuan's immortal aperture was reducing in number.</p> 
<p>This scene reminded Fang Yuan of his time in Crazed Demon Cave.</p> 
<p>At the second lowest floor of Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan saw the development of worlds. Countless worlds were destroyed as heaven path dao marks formed. The heaven path dao marks interlinked with each other or spread out themselves, forming new worlds.</p> 
<p>At this moment, even though the sovereign immortal aperture was not destroyed and turned into heaven path dao marks, they were still modifying the various dao marks within this immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>Of course, the heaven path dao marks were not just increasing. Sometimes, they fell in numbers, one heaven path dao mark turned into many dao marks of other paths, spreading throughout the world.</p> 
<p>Using the transformation of these dao marks, in accordance with the Heavenly Dao, the environment of the entire sovereign immortal aperture was modified.</p> 
<p>Like the scene that Fang Yuan was observing now, light was appearing in the sky, it meant that light path dao marks were increasing in numbers. There was also wind and rumbling sand on the ground, it meant that wind path and earth path dao marks were also increasing in numbers.</p> 
<p>"If this goes on for a long time, the surroundings of the thousand wish tree would turn into a barren desert." The trend was too obvious, Fang Yuan smiled coldly to himself.</p> 
<p>He had originally thought that the thousand wish tree was meant to be planted in a desert, but now, even though he was not wrong, his understanding was distorted.</p> 
<p>The thousand wish tree was a human path ancient desolate plant, it used human will to create fruits. It was most suited to be grown in a bustling environment like a large city or market filled with people, the more human will the better.</p> 
<p>However, the Heavenly Dao did not want the thousand wish tree to grow properly, it changed the heaven path dao marks to create a blazing sun and a vast area of sand, to isolate it from the living people.</p> 
<p>In order to survive, the thousand wish tree had to change its own traits to adapt to this difficult environment and live.</p> 
<p>But now that it was placed in Fang Yuan's sovereign immortal aperture, the immortal formation created its own desert environment for it to slowly adapt and change, it would not be destroyed because of an unsuitable environment.</p> 
<p>But outside the immortal formation was a fertile land with lush greenery and warm sunlight.</p> 
<p>The immortal formation was not isolated, the thousand wish tree's human path aura could be sensed by the Heavenly Dao. But these heaven path dao marks were not under Fang Yuan's control, they could not change according to the environment within the immortal formation, they modified the environment outside the formation to stop the thousand wish tree's growth.</p> 
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan learned about some things.</p> 
<p>"The thousand wish tree will finish growing in three hundred years, flower at its six hundredth year and bear fruit at the nine hundredth year. It will create exactly a thousand fruits at that time."</p> 
<p>"This is something that everyone knows as a fact, but now it seems, this is not true."</p> 
<p>"The thousand wish tree is restricted by the Heavenly Dao, its actual potential is much larger!"</p> 
<p>"From now on, I will water it with human will, I will gradually change its habitat, its production will definitely rise greatly!"</p> 
<p>This was a future plan, Fang Yuan came to the thousand wish tree today for another matter.</p> 
<p>At his will, Cooking Luck Pot revealed itself above him.</p> 
<p>Rank seven Cooking Luck Pot was large as a basin, it was shining in golden and white light, sacred and royal.</p> 
<p>The pot had thick sides, about the thickness of a thumb, there were eight dragons at the base of the pot, coiling around each other and extending their claws to become the legs of this pot. At the top of the pot, one could see Fang Yuan's exposed luck, it looked grey and damaged.</p> 
<p>Even though Cooking Luck Pot was only rank seven, unable to contain all of Fang Yuan's luck in this one pot, it was still possible to observe something from it.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's colossal luck was almost fully consumed in the fate war, after the fight, his luck became very low. This was his third hidden threat, aside from the qi tide and heaven path dao marks.</p> 
<p>Fate was constant while luck was variable.</p> 
<p>When one's luck was poor, it meant that unfavorable developments might happen.</p> 
<p>But now, Fang Yuan's main body had immense battle strength that was pseudo venerable level, no matter how bad his luck was, he had the power to resist problems.</p> 
<p>This was not a big issue for the main body, but he was worried about the luck of his clones.</p> 
<p>Outside of Cooking Luck Pot were the luck of his respective clones.</p> 
<p>The time path clone's luck still resembled the River of Time, but the water was no longer flowing smoothly, it was chaotic and the front of the river was cut off, it looked quite worrying.</p> 
<p>Zhan Bu Du's luck was originally a mature eagle spreading its wings and flying, but now the eagle had fallen into water, it was covered by flowing water that made things difficult for him.</p> 
<p>Li Xiao Bai's luck was like a bright blooming flower. The flower was bright red and burning intensely in a red color. Within the flame, the petals bloomed, it might look like good luck but the hidden threat was huge. He was basically playing with fire, he would die if he could not control the flames.</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai's luck was like a coiling dragon, three of its dragon claws were holding onto a dragon pearl each. One had the silhouette of Dragon Palace, one had countless ants in it, while the third pearl had the image of Di Zang Sheng. Wu Shuai had the strongest luck among them, but he was surrounded by blade and sword qi, approaching from all directions.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's main body had poor luck, his clones were in even worse states.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had sensed his clones' problem long ago, it was not that he did not try to resolve it but his methods failed.</p> 
<p>The heaven path dao marks restricted him, whenever he tried to use a killer move, they would interfere and cause his killer move activation to fail. Even if he succeeded, the power of the move would be greatly lowered.</p> 
<p>"But this time, it should be different." Bright light flashed in Fang Yuan's eyes.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan multitasked, manipulating the formation around the thousand wish tree while also activating Cooking Luck Pot.</p> 
<p>The thousand wish tree's branches continued to shake, bright rainbow light shot out of the formation, entering Cooking Luck Pot.</p> 
<p>Cooking Luck Pot started to modify the luck of his clones.</p> 
<p>The surrounding world started to rage with intense winds and fierce lightning. Heaven path dao marks appeared one by one, some were all over the place while others appeared on Fang Yuan's body.</p> 
<p>The way of heaven was to take away surpluses while replenishing deficits.</p> 
<p>The way of humans was to take away deficits while magnifying surpluses!</p> 
<p>With the help of the human path immortal formation, Fang Yuan forcefully made modifications of certain degrees to the luck of his clones.</p> 
<p>The time path clone's river luck stabilized and became smoother.</p> 
<p>Zhan Bu Du's eagle luck started to shed its feathers in the water, it seemed like it was turning into a fish, adapting to the environment.</p> 
<p>Li Xiao Bai's flower luck started to crystallize under the intense flames, it no longer had a threat of turning to ashes.</p> 
<p>Meanwhile, Wu Shuai's dragon luck still remained in a coiling state, there was no change to the luck. The surrounding blade and sword qi, however, became much weaker, turning from dense smoke to light smoke. This meant that there would still be a fight but the scale of the battle would be much smaller than before.</p> 
<p>"The problem of the clones is settled. The truly troublesome thing is the heaven path dao marks." Fang Yuan could increasingly understand the deeper intentions of Red Lotus as time passed.</p>
    </body>
</html>
