<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2331: Pitiful Survivors</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2331: Pitiful Survivors</h1>
        <p>Old Lord Can Yang was a famous expert in Central Continent, his reputation was long established.</p>
<p>Zhao Lian Yun looked at him, some information surfaced in her mind. After becoming the current generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House, because she could not undergo tribulations, her cultivation level could not rise. She could only spend her time on other things, thus, she had a clear understanding of most characters in Central Continent’s Gu Immortal world.</p>
<p>Zhao Lian Yun knew that that Old Lord Can Yang had the Immortal Gu Flickering Flame, he created an amazing immortal killer move called life chasing fire, it was renowned in Central Continent.</p>
<p>Old Lord Can Yang rarely moved around these last years, he had been staying in seclusion.</p>
<p>The most significant thing he did recently was to investigate the truth behind the fall of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building in Northern Plains with Feng Jiu Ge, they fought against Shadow Sect there.</p>
<p>And recently, Old Lord Can Yang won the contest against Zhang Ji.</p>
<p>Zhang Ji was a Gu Immortal from Black Heaven Temple, although he was a relatively unknown expert, he had a unique method to counter flames. In the end, he still lost to the fire path cultivator Old Lord Can Yang.</p>
<p>Although the lantern in Old Lord Can Yang’s hand was weak, it produced a warm feeling in Zhao Lian Yun’s heart instantly.</p>
<p>Many people were like this, they were often fragile and weak when they were lonely.</p>
<p>But if a companion appeared, even if this person was useless, the company they provided would still create a sense of warmth and safety in their heart.</p>
<p>Zhao Lian Yun was such a person.</p>
<p>She was an otherworldly demon who was not originally from this world. Her nature was already like this before she came here, that was one of the reasons why she felt so attached to Ma Hong Yun after receiving his care and concern.</p>
<p>Zhao Lian Yun breathed in deeply, the look of dejectedness on her face quickly faded away as she asked Old Lord Can Yang for help, she explained Bu Zhen Zi’s condition.</p>
<p>But Old Lord Can Yang shook his head slowly: ”I cultivate fire path, my understanding of phantom path is very shallow, I am not skilled in healing methods. There is nothing I can do.”</p>
<p>Once he said that, Old Lord Can Yang’s body started to shiver at an observable level.</p>
<p>His face turned pale as paper.</p>
<p>At the same time, white qi appeared on his body, it was most dense around the wound on his arm that was cut off.</p>
<p>“Cough cough.”</p>
<p>Old Lord Can Yang continued to cough, each time, blood was coughed out.</p>
<p>The blood fell to the ground and turned into white qi, quickly dissipating.</p>
<p>Old Lord Can Yang gritted his teeth and activated his method, this situation lasted for over ten breaths of time before he suppressed his wounds again, color returned to his face and his coughing stopped.</p>
<p>His methods were only usable on himself, or rather, only fire path Gu Immortals, they would not work on Bu Zhen Zi. In fact, they could make his condition worse.</p>
<p>Next, Old Lord Can Yang and Zhao Lian Yun moved together.</p>
<p>Along the way, they saw more immortal aperture entrances, which were open and absorbing white qi wildly.</p>
<p>They also saw some people who were alive.</p>
<p>There was a giant monkey lying on the ground, he was like a small mountain.</p>
<p>The monkey was originally covered in golden hair, like there was armor on the body. But now, half the body was blackened, he was like a fallen general who had lost his armor.</p>
<p>His muscles were originally strong and tough, he looked very powerful and brave, but now, his body was covered in mushy flesh and blood, bones could be seen on his deeper wounds, he sprawled on the ground and could not get up.</p>
<p>The monkey had a pair of golden eyes that were shining with pressuring brilliance, but now, his gaze was scattered and lost, he only regained some spirit after seeing Zhao Lian Yun and Old Lord Can Yang.</p>
<p>“What? He is Combat Immortal Sect’s Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei. He cultivates earth path and transformation path, he is currently using his signature killer move — Rock Mountain Immortal Monkey King Transformation!” Zhao Lian Yun was stunned, having recognized the monkey’s identity instantly.</p>
<p>Shi Lei was the publicly known number one rank seven Gu Immortal in Central Continent, his battle strength was even higher than Old Lord Can Yang!</p>
<p>But he was even closer to the explosion than Old Lord Can Yang, after it happened, he did not have time to activate his rock mountain immortal monkey king transformation.</p>
<p>This was a compound killer move of two paths, it expended a lot of thoughts.</p>
<p>Shi Lei did not have wisdom path foundation, he needed a lot of preparation to use this move.</p>
<p>He used other methods to survive the explosion, afterwards, because he could not heal himself, he had to use this move to turn himself into an ancient desolate beast. Using the physique of an ancient desolate beast, its self-recovery allowed him to endure these injuries and barely survive.</p>
<p>After seeing Old Lord Can Yang and Zhao Lian Yun, Shi Lei blinked at them with his golden eyes as a greeting.</p>
<p>He did not even dare to breathe heavily now, it would be a problem if his injuries were worsened.</p>
<p>Evidently, Shi Lei could only protect himself now, he could not help others.</p>
<p>“Cough, cough.” Old Lord Can Yang coughed again, blood could be seen again. A moment later, he suppressed his injuries again.</p>
<p>Zhao Lian Yun and Old Lord Can Yang continued on their journey.</p>
<p>Not long after, they met Yang Feng.</p>
<p>He was a rank seven Gu Immortal of Ancient Soul Sect, he cultivated transformation path. Like Shi Lei, he had also turned himself into an ancient desolate beast.</p>
<p>The originally majestic giant wolf was lying on the ground like a beaten dog.</p>
<p>But his injuries were less severe than those of Shi Lei, he could still talk to Zhao Lian Yun.</p>
<p>He was not stronger than Shi Lei, but during the explosion, he subconsciously used the transformation killer move that he was most familiar with and turned into an ancient desolate beast.</p>
<p>He cultivated transformation path solely, he was most familiar with this giant wolf transformation, it was almost like his instinct. Thus, it could be used rapidly, almost activating in an instant.</p>
<p>“My greatest injury is my spine, if I exert it even a little, my spine will break.”</p>
<p>After Yang Feng explained his situation, he joined Zhao Lian Yun and Old Lord Can Yang’s group.</p>
<p>The three of them continued to search, soon, they found Vicious Lightning Fiend.</p>
<p>Vicious Lightning Fiend also had rank seven cultivation level, his body was covered in lightning as he floated in the air, three Lightning Deities surrounded his body and assisted in healing him.</p>
<p>While healing, lightning crackled around him as sparks were created, causing quite a commotion.</p>
<p>“I was fortunate.”</p>
<p>“Right before the explosion occurred, I watched while having my Lightning Deities revolve around me to leave a good impression on Lord Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable.”</p>
<p>After the explosion, although there were more than ten Lightning Deities earlier, only four remained. To save his life, Vicious Lightning Fiend sacrificed another Lightning Deity to heal himself. Now, only three were left.</p>
<p>This was a huge loss for him.</p>
<p>“The killer move Lightning Deity was created by Vicious Lightning Fiend using the incomplete Immortal Gu recipe of Blood Deity. When the qi tides swept the world and the five regions became one, immortal materials appeared, which allowed Vicious Lightning Fiend to receive a lot of funding from Myriad Dragon Dock, he quickly accumulated many Lightning Deities. With more than ten Lightning Deities which had rank seven Gu Immortal battle strength each, he was known as a top expert among rank seven Gu Immortals in Central Continent, only being inferior to Shi Lei.”</p>
<p>Zhao Lian Yun recalled as she greeted Vicious Lightning Fiend.</p>
<p>Vicious Lightning Fiend’s bad temper was famous, but now, he was very polite to Zhao Lian Yun.</p>
<p>Seeing that her injuries were the lightest, he acknowledged her strength.</p>
<p>This explosion killed most of Central Continent’s Gu Immortals, the remaining ones were either lucky or sufficiently strong!</p>
<p>But there was an awkward thing.</p>
<p>Gu Immortals with greater battle strength often did not excel in healing. They were adept at healing themselves but not others.</p>
<p>Thus, even though Vicious Lightning Fiend joined this group, they still had no way to help Bu Zhen Zi or Shi Lei.</p>
<p>As time passed, the white qi fog that obscured everyone’s vision became less dense.</p>
<p>These white qi were qi path immortal materials, but nobody had the mood to collect them.</p>
<p>The blessed lands or even grotto-heavens left behind by the Central Continent Gu Immortals who died were absorbing a large amount of white qi. At the same time, white qi also flowed out of Heavenly Court through the gaps that formed.</p>
<p>In any case, the vision of the immortals was returning.</p>
<p>“Wait.” Yang Feng, who had turned into a giant wolf and needed to rest every few steps, suddenly spoke.</p>
<p>Everyone was used to it.</p>
<p>Along the way, he had been asking for them to stop once in a while to lie down and recover his strength.</p>
<p>His waist injury was too severe, the wound was huge as well, one could see his kidney from the exposed wound.</p>
<p>White qi was flowing out of his kidney.</p>
<p>“Yang Feng, is your waist hurting again?” Zhao Lian Yun cast a concerned gaze at him.</p>
<p>Yang Feng nodded: ”Of course my waist hurts, but more importantly, there are people coming from behind us.”</p>
<p>“Indeed, there are three of them.” Old Lord Can Yang’s gaze flickered as he noticed.</p>
<p>“Cough, cough.” After saying that, he started coughing blood again.</p>
<p>“Our allies?” Vicious Lightning Fiend asked while mobilizing his thoughts, the three Lightning Deities quickly spread out towards the sky behind them.</p>
<p>Zhao Lian Yun and the rest stopped moving, they started at the stirring white qi.</p>
<p>The three Lightning Deities waited solemnly, but suddenly, one spun around on the spot, one flew up into the sky, while the final one twisted its body around like it was having a spasm from a lightning shock!</p>
    </body>
</html>