<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2209: Limitless&apos; Death</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2209: Limitless&apos; Death</h1>
        
        <p>Everyone was silent.</p> 
<p>Even for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, after seeing Limitless Demon Venerable's intact arm, they fell into extreme shock.</p> 
<p>After a Gu cultivator became an immortal, they would face earthly calamities, heavenly tribulations, grand tribulations, and myriad tribulations. After becoming rank nine, the calamities and tribulations would become even more terrifying.</p> 
<p>Venerables faced a grand tribulation every ten years, a myriad tribulation every fifty years, and a chaotic disaster every one hundred years!</p> 
<p>This chaotic disaster originated from the chaos outside the world boundary.</p> 
<p>Each time it arrived, the venerable's life would be in danger, they had to use their full strength to fight for a chance of survival.</p> 
<p>Ordinary Gu Immortals did not know this, but all the past venerables had gone through these terrifying chaotic disasters, they knew about the terror of this tribulation.</p> 
<p>And now, Limitless Demon Venerable tested it with his own body, without even using any defensive methods, he resisted the chaos and returned unharmed!!!</p> 
<p>This scene was a huge shock to the present venerables.</p> 
<p>As for people like Fang Yuan who knew the details while not having experienced them personally, his shock was not as great as the venerables.</p> 
<p>"You did it." A while later, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sighed deeply and said.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable remained silent.</p> 
<p>"No, he hasn't. This is not true eternal life yet!" Paradise Earth suddenly spoke, he had a tone and expression of certainty.</p> 
<p>Everyone looked towards him.</p> 
<p>"Indeed, I have not. This is not considered eternal life." At the next moment, Limitless Demon Venerable agreed with the words as he showed an expression of dejectedness.</p> 
<p>Next, he made a shocking move.</p> 
<p>He opened his mouth towards the hole of the world boundary and started to suck in.</p> 
<p>A large amount of chaos was sucked into Limitless Demon Venerable's stomach!</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable watched with contracted pupils, they could not help but take in a deep breath.</p> 
<p>If a venerable was considered a child, the chaos would be fire. earlier, when Limitless Demon Venerable placed his hand into the chaos, he was roasting his flesh with the fire. But now, he was even more daring, he was swallowing fire!</p> 
<p>After Limitless Demon Venerable sucked in a large amount of chaos, he sat down in a cross-legged fashion.</p> 
<p>At the same time, chaos seeped out of the hole and rushed towards his head, shoulders, and body like a flowing river.</p> 
<p>Limitless Demon Venerable activated his killer move for the first time, an immensely strong aura burst out and shook the minds of all the immortals present.</p> 
<p>Everyone watched silently, they knew that Limitless Demon Venerable was currently giving it a try.</p> 
<p>This was an advancement!</p> 
<p>He was trying to advance to the true realm of eternal life!!</p> 
<p>Ever since he was a child, he had maintained a heart of curiosity.</p> 
<p>He was like an innocent child who was filled with desire to explore the unknown.</p> 
<p>He wanted to know everything, he wanted to know the truth.</p> 
<p>He did not pursue fame or fortune, the status of a venerable did not make him feel any pride or arrogance.</p> 
<p>He had once reached the peak of the world, the end of heaven and earth.</p> 
<p>But he still wanted to continue moving!</p> 
<p>Yet, there was no road ahead of him.</p> 
<p>Thus, he planned meticulously and worked with Star Constellation, dragging the entire Gu cultivation world along with his dangerous plan of creating the Crazed Demon formation, he prepared for a million years just for this moment.</p> 
<p>All of it was to pursue the truth!</p> 
<p>No road remained ahead of him.</p> 
<p>Thus, he moved his legs and exerted all his strength to step into the boundless darkness.</p> 
<p>He wanted to carve out his own road!</p> 
<p>This was the final push.</p> 
<p>Limitless was doing his best!</p> 
<p>A long time passed, but it felt like an instant.</p> 
<p>Whoosh.</p> 
<p>Black fire started to spew out of Limitless Demon Venerable's nose and ears.</p> 
<p>The immortals' hearts shook.</p> 
<p>Next, Limitless Demon Venerable opened his eyes slowly and looked at the immortals, saying plainly: "I failed."</p> 
<p>"No! I am still around." Demon Immortal Qi Jue shouted and made his move, using all his strength to activate practice Gu.</p> 
<p>A wave of profound light shot towards Limitless Demon Venerable's body from Demon Immortal Qi Jue.</p> 
<p>The black fire on Limitless Demon Venerable was quickly extinguished!</p> 
<p>Limitless Demon Venerable gained some time to rest, he laughed loudly and shook his head: "Qi Jue, you can stop now."</p> 
<p>"How can we determine the result before putting in all our effort?" Demon Immortal Qi Jue rebuked in anger, "Are you willing to give up like this? The true eternal life... I want, I want to see it too!"</p> 
<p>Demon Venerable sighed, a complex expression could be seen on his face: "I failed even after a million years of accumulation. Don't you get it? Eternal life — does not exist."</p> 
<p>At the next moment.</p> 
<p>Bam.</p> 
<p>Limitless Demon Venerable shattered abruptly, turning back into countless fragments of truthful floating ice.</p> 
<p>"No!!" Secret Schemer and Not Immortal screamed in unison, grieving like they had lost their loved one.</p> 
<p>Limitless Demon Venerable failed!</p> 
<p>Because Demon Immortal Qi Jue had too close of a connection with him, the chaos instantly approached him, as it swept past him, he vanished without a trace!</p> 
<p>The great pseudo venerable did not even manage to last three breaths of time.</p> 
<p>The power of the terrifying chaotic disaster was evident with one glance!</p> 
<p>The immortals were still in a daze.</p> 
<p>This battle in Crazed Demon Cave that took a million years of accumulation and also all the venerables' planning ended like this?</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable revived, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable also revived, Paradise Earth changed to cultivating heaven path, while Spectral Soul Demon Venerable lost his reasoning. In the end, Limitless Demon Venerable suppressed everyone in strength, but he still failed to succeed.</p> 
<p>He died, he died on the road of exploration.</p> 
<p>Eternal life?</p> 
<p>It was a mere dream.</p> 
<p>There was nothing!</p> 
<p>It did not exist!!</p> 
<p>"How could he fail? How could he fail!" Not Immortal shouted.</p> 
<p>Secret Schemer held his head and muttered dejectedly: "There is no eternal life... hehe, there is no eternal life... hehe."</p> 
<p>He had gone insane!</p> 
<p>"Does eternal life really not exist in this world? Venerable is the limit, there is no... road ahead?" Star Constellation Immortal Venerable muttered to herself.</p> 
<p>She had asked the question that all the immortals were wondering!</p> 
<p>But nobody could answer it.</p> 
<p>Limitless Demon Venerable might be the most qualified in this aspect, since he had already surpassed everyone else by a huge margin.</p> 
<p>But he had died.</p> 
<p>It failed.</p> 
<p>He died from the chaotic disaster.</p> 
<p>Using his life, it seemed like he exposed a cruel truth to the immortals.</p> 
<p>Whoosh!</p> 
<p>Right at this moment, the sound of wind could be heard.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan suddenly made his move, snatching a piece of the truthful floating ice!</p> 
<p>The immortals were instantly jolted awake.</p> 
<p>Limitless Demon Venerable died and turned into pieces of truthful floating ice.</p> 
<p>Most of the truthful floating ice had been destroyed in the chaos, but a small portion remained.</p> 
<p>The chaos... could not do anything to them!</p> 
<p>They were the eternal life results derived by Limitless' Crazed Demon formation, they were definitely the essence of his hard work!!</p> 
<p>Limitless Demon Venerable died, but his million years of hard work had not gone down the drain, he left behind abundant results!</p> 
<p>Snatch them!!</p> 
<p>There was nothing else to say, after the immortals reacted, they attacked almost at the same time.</p> 
<p>Rumble...</p> 
<p>A large number of killer moves were activated, colliding into each other and exploding loudly.</p> 
<p>Heaven shook and the earth cracked!</p> 
<p>Not Immortal and Secret Schemer did not even manage to make a sound before they died on the spot.</p> 
<p>But the remaining pieces of the truthful floating ice were intact and still shining radiantly!</p> 
<p>This was expected.</p> 
<p>Even the chaotic disaster could do nothing to them, venerables and pseudo venerables were also unable to damage them with their killer moves.</p> 
<p>Rumble...</p> 
<p>The scene was chaotic, killer moves influenced each other as the immortals restrained one another.</p> 
<p>"Get lost!!"</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable shouted angrily, golden light surged in the sky, exploding fiercely like a crashing tsunami, everywhere it went, nothing could stop it.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and the other pseudo venerables quickly dodged.</p> 
<p>The golden aurora light suddenly turned into a spiral that sucked in a piece of the truthful floating ice.</p> 
<p>Seeing this, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly and scattered some flying stars, hundreds or thousands of them radiated with starlight and crashed into the golden aurora, getting mutually destroyed.</p> 
<p>As Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not succeed, the truthful floating ice that was taken by the golden aurora was free again, it floated freely in the void.</p> 
<p>This was the largest truthful floating ice, all of the remaining truthful floating ice fragments were merely its size after being added up. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was attempting to take away half of this eternal life result that took a million years to nurture, how could that happen? Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would not allow him to succeed!</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's gazes were locked onto each other.</p> 
<p>Right at this time, Lu Wei Yin suddenly made a move, targeting the small truthful floating ice fragment that was closest to him.</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not move, but starlight appeared out of nowhere, sending Lu Wei Yin flying.</p> 
<p>At almost the same time, Fang Yuan was also stopped by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p> 
<p>He wanted to target the other truthful floating ices but golden light shot down like needles, almost piercing his body.</p> 
<p>The two venerables opposed each other, but they held the same attitude towards Fang Yuan and the rest.</p> 
<p>Be it Star Constellation Immortal Venerable or Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, they were very domineering, they did not want the truthful floating ice to end up with anyone else.</p> 
<p>Lu Wei Yin and Fang Yuan were obstructed, at this time, the pseudo venerables had to prepare and wait for another moment to arise when the two venerables fought again.</p> 
<p>The hole was gradually expanding.</p> 
<p>Limitless Demon Venerable had already died. Before he died, he was able to suppress the tiny hole.</p> 
<p>But after his death, the power he left behind was weakening, even though chaos did not seep out of the hole in the world boundary anymore, that was going to happen soon.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable took a look at the hole in the world boundary, he spoke calmly to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable: "Star Constellation, why don't we have a ceasefire again and deal with these pseudo venerables first. We can then fix the world boundary's hole and split the truthful floating ice between ourselves. How's that?"</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable nodded and replied to him with her direct actions.</p> 
<p>Immediately, starlight danced around and shot everywhere, launching fatal attacks towards Fang Yuan and the other pseudo venerables.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's killer move soon followed.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and the rest had to dodge everywhere, they escaped in distress.</p> 
<p>Limitless Demon Venerable died and the Crazed Demon formation was destroyed, without Limitless' retaliation method, the two venerables were free to attack.</p> 
<p>Of course, they did not use their full strength, even in the current situation. The reason was that they were guarding against each other.</p> 
<p>Even so, Fang Yuan and the rest were in dangerous situations, they were often struggling in the face of death.</p> 
<p>"I can't continue resisting these two venerables' power. Everyone, I'm leaving first." Fang Yuan shouted and dragged Qi Sea Ancestor along, wanting to leave the ninth layer.</p> 
<p>Paradise Earth frowned immediately.</p> 
<p>Crazed Demon Cave only had the ninth layer left now, if Fang Yuan left, the two venerables would not have the opportunity to chase him.</p> 
<p>Because anyone who left would be giving the other venerable a chance.</p> 
<p>It meant giving up the snatching of the truthful floating ice!</p> 
<p>Because next, as long as either venerable made a move to seal the ninth layer of Crazed Demon Cave, the pseudo venerables would have trouble trying to come in again after they leave.</p> 
<p>As long as they stalled for some time, the two venerables would be able to keep away the truthful floating ice, after that, they would be able to easily deal with the pseudo venerables!</p> 
<p>But right at this moment, the two venerables snorted coldly together.</p> 
<p>"Others can leave, but you, Fang Yuan, cannot!"</p> 
<p>"Please leave behind the truthful floating ice that you snatched away earlier, you cannot bring this away with you."</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable spoke one sentence each, expressing their honest attitude.</p> 
<p>Among the Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan was the first to get a piece. Everyone else including the two venerables had not obtained anything yet.</p> 
<p>And Fang Yuan's piece was quite big too, it was at least ten percent of the entire truthful floating ice!</p> 
<p>At this moment, the two venerables cooperated again, dealing with Fang Yuan together.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's expression changed.</p> 
<p>Earlier, the two venerables worked together to deal with him, but the pressure now was incomparable to before.</p> 
<p>Soon, Fang Yuan was forced to activate reverse flow protection seal again!</p> 
<p>Reverse Flow River was nearly depleted earlier, but after it was replenished during this period of time, the river water had risen slightly in sovereign immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's killer moves were quickly reflected back to them.</p> 
<p>However, for these two venerables, reverse flow protection seal was only a slight bother, it was a mere obstacle.</p> 
<p>As long as they used skillful methods, they would be able to resolve it in some time.</p>
    </body>
</html>
