<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2176: Primordial Domain!</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2176: Primordial Domain!</h1>
        <p><a epub:type="noteref" href="#n1"></a></p>
        <p>"Giant Sun Immortal Venerable?!" Fang Yuan's pupils contracted, even though he had a guess already, he could not help but feel internally moved.</p> 
<p>Golden light burst out in the battlefield, Divine Emperor City shook intensely as if something was breaking out from within.</p> 
<p>Immortal Zombie Giant Sun bellowed.</p> 
<p>In the painting worlds, countless citizens looked up at the sky dumbstruck, they saw two hands flying in the sky, directly smashing two huge holes in the painting worlds!</p> 
<p>The two hands flew out of Divine Emperor City unobstructed, disintegrating in the battlefield, revealing Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Mao Li Qiu.</p> 
<p>"I was saved?" Demon Immortal Qi Jue was filled with surprise and joy.</p> 
<p>"Master!" Mao Li Qiu saw Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and was choked with tears: "I knew you would come and save me, woof!"</p> 
<p>Mao Li Qiu's body immediately shrunk, it became tiny and jumped into Immortal Zombie Giant Sun's arms.</p> 
<p>Immortal Zombie Giant Sun showed a doting smile as he petted Mao Li Qiu's head: "You are still the same, you bark like a dog when you are excited."</p> 
<p>"Woof woof woof!" Mao Li Qiu looked up at its master and barked with tears flowing out of its eyes.</p> 
<p>"Giant Sun Immortal Venerable? He has already recovered to this degree." Fairy Ming Hao was shocked.</p> 
<p>"Ignore him, use our full strength to stall Fang Yuan, we are about to destroy Thieving Heaven's true inheritance space!" Fairy Yu Xiu reminded.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan snorted coldly, opening his immortal aperture's entrance.</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor flew out.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Unlimited Qi Sea!</p> 
<p>At once, vast qi surged, rushing towards him from all directions.</p> 
<p>Ming Hao and Yu Xiu were intercepted by this move, while Fang Yuan used the chance to dive into the five colored smoke.</p> 
<p>"It's here!" He finally found the location of Thieving Heaven's true inheritance.</p> 
<p>The five colored smoke had reached it already.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan instantly went there and took away the remaining content of Thieving Heaven's true inheritance.</p> 
<p>At almost the next moment, Thieving Heaven's true inheritance space collapsed.</p> 
<p>"Quickly leave!" Lu Wei Yin and the rest quickly retreated.</p> 
<p>After Fang Yuan withdrew the five regional limit formation and became the last person to leave, Thieving Heaven's true inheritance space vanished into thin air at almost the same time!</p> 
<p>"He succeeded after all." Fairy Ming Hao sighed.</p> 
<p>Fairy Yu Xiu smiled: "This true inheritance has been half devastated already, no need to worry, our goal has been achieved in this fight. Let's go! The crucial part starts now."</p> 
<p>Fairy Yu Xiu stored Divine Emperor City, the two immortals vanished instantly.</p> 
<p>Seeing this, Fang Yuan revealed an expression of contemplation.</p> 
<p>"Lord Fang Yuan." Lu Wei Yin quickly gathered alongside Zhan Bu Du, Qi Sea Ancestor, and Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>At the other side, there was Calamity Luck Altar and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun!</p> 
<p>Both sides did not talk, even though they were allies, they both knew about the dependability level of their alliance.</p> 
<p>"Four pseudo venerable battle strengths..." Bing Sai Chuan, who was within Calamity Luck Altar, was tongue-tied, in just a short period, Fang Yuan's strength had grown to such a level.</p> 
<p>Longevity Heaven's Gu Immortals were not fools, the moment Qi Sea Ancestor appeared, they realized he was Fang Yuan's clone.</p> 
<p>"Giant Sun Immortal Venerable..." Fang Yuan looked at Immortal Zombie Giant Sun as he squinted, maintaining silence.</p> 
<p>Even though the other party was an immortal zombie now, he still had extraordinary strength and profound methods, the moment he took action, he broke into Divine Emperor City and saved Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Mao Li Qiu, who were sealed inside the painting worlds.</p> 
<p>Right now, Mao Li Qiu was curled up in Immortal Zombie Giant Sun's arms, wagging its tail in joy, how could one even imagine that this was a proud legendary immemorial beast?</p> 
<p>As for Demon Immortal Qi Jue, he stood at one side without much embarrassment, his expression was hesitant and suspicious.</p> 
<p>He was saved by Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, but the moment he came out, he saw Longevity Heaven, Heavenly Court, and Fang Yuan in a three-way battle, after that, Thieving Heaven's true inheritance space got destroyed, what in the world was happening?</p> 
<p>The scale of the battle was huge, the situation was complex, Demon Immortal Qi Jue could not process it immediately.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan." Immortal Zombie Giant Sun nodded at Fang Yuan, taking the initiative to speak: "This is Heavenly Court's scheme."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan raised his brows: "Oh? How so?"</p> 
<p>Immortal Zombie Giant Sun pointed at the place where Thieving Heaven's true inheritance space was destroyed: "According to what I know, Thieving Heaven's true inheritance space was added in much later, it was used to salvage the situation. Because it greatly affected Limitless Demon Venerable's derivation, its destruction is something that Limitless' will is happy to see."</p> 
<p>"At the same time, Heavenly Court's Feng Ya is trying to deduce Limitless Demon Venerable's arrangements, she is also obstructed by this space. Now that it is destroyed, her progress will be smooth sailing."</p> 
<p>"Earlier, when I deduced Limitless' arrangements, I had fought against her from afar, she is the strongest wisdom path expert among the three pseudo venerables. She has already come into contact with the other core of the ninth layer — Primordial Domain!"</p> 
<p>"Heavenly Court came here to obstruct you from getting Thieving Heaven's true inheritance on the surface, but their true intention was to force me to take action by using the captives in Divine Emperor City as bait."</p> 
<p>"Without my obstruction, seeing that Feng Ya has not shown up even now, it is likely that they have made a breakthrough there. Their advantage and initiative has grown even larger."</p> 
<p>The moment Immortal Zombie Giant Sun finished his words, Fang Yuan's expression changed slightly.</p> 
<p>The other immortals' pupils shrank, along with Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, they all turned towards the direction of Green Lotus Great World.</p> 
<p>The immortals looked past a vast distance, seeing that at the center of Green Lotus Great World, a lump of phantom image appeared at the peak of Book Mountain.</p> 
<p>This phantom image was pure white and humongous, it was far larger than even Book Mountain, having the shape of a ball, with the inner area shining dazzlingly with white light.</p> 
<p>The immortals were all shaken.</p> 
<p>Lu Wei Yin's expression turned ugly as he said: "Primordial Domain!"</p> 
<p>\&lt;\&lt;The Legends of Ren Zu\&gt;\&gt;, chapter five, section thirty-six states —</p> 
<p>Carefree Wisdom Heart was born, she was intelligent and witty, Ren Zu liked his eighth child a lot.</p> 
<p>But at the same time, Ren Zu was vexed: "My mind shattered, what do I do? I cannot store more knowledge anymore. Sigh, it seems that only the two of you can help me now."</p> 
<p>Thus, Carefree Wisdom Heart and Great Strength True Martial used their own minds to store up more knowledge.</p> 
<p>They filled their minds with knowledge, before moving along with Ren Zu.</p> 
<p>Ren Zu and his children started their third attempt.</p> 
<p>Before they took a step, they would scatter ink text and knowledge, the text would describe their knowledge and form a small black path.</p> 
<p>Ren Zu and his children walked on this small path.</p> 
<p>But when they finished using their knowledge and reached the end of the ink text path, they did not see any signs of wisdom Gu.</p> 
<p>Ren Zu's third attempt failed again.</p> 
<p>Great Strength True Martial shrugged in disappointment: "What do we do now? We have already done our best, but our knowledge is still insufficient. We cannot hold any more knowledge in our minds."</p> 
<p>Ren Zu sighed, he was also quite helpless.</p> 
<p>At this time, hope Gu flew out: "Oh human, don't be disappointed, I am here."</p> 
<p>Ren Zu was surprised: "How can you help me?"</p> 
<p id="r1">Hope Gu answered: "Oh human, I can awaken your aperture<a epub:type="noteref" href="#n1" role="doc-noteref">[1]</a>."</p> 
<p>Hope allowed people to gain enlightenment (awaken their aperture).</p> 
<p>Thus, hope Gu exerted effort to create an aperture for Ren Zu.</p> 
<p>Humility Gu laughed: "Then let me help you as well, human. When you have humility, your capacity will be larger, you will be able to hold more things."</p> 
<p>Thus, the aperture expanded in size.</p> 
<p>Ren Zu obtained the aperture and felt very happy: "This place is really huge, I can store so much knowledge! This is wonderful."</p> 
<p>Ren Zu and his children went to Book Mountain again, they refined their knowledge and searched for ink text.</p> 
<p>Ren Zu stored a lot of knowledge into his aperture, even he did not know the quantity he took.</p> 
<p>Ren Zu and his children set off on their fourth journey, they stepped on the ink text path and entered deep into Qian Kun Crystal Wall.</p> 
<p>They went very deeply and searched many places, they changed directions countless times but still could not find wisdom Gu.</p> 
<p>They had no choice but to return to Book Mountain.</p> 
<p>This time, because the exploration took too long, the ink text path that they created when they set off was unable to endure the endless barrage of information, a large portion of it faded away.</p> 
<p>Ren Zu found the inkman elder and asked: "Why can't we find wisdom Gu?"</p> 
<p>The inkman elder replied: "Sometimes, when we inkmen explore the place, we would encounter wisdom Gu. But you three have searched the entire Qian Kun Crystal Wall but did not find wisdom Gu, it means that it is intentionally hiding from you, it does not want to meet you."</p> 
<p>Carefree Wisdom Heart quickly asked: "Then where is wisdom Gu hiding at?"</p> 
<p>The inkman elder pondered and said: "Oh humans, you have searched the entire Qian Kun Crystal Wall. If wisdom Gu is still inside here, it can only hide in one place. That place is called Primordial Domain, it is the most mysterious part of Qian Kun Crystal Wall."</p> 
<p>"Qian Kun Crystal Wall has a record of everything that happens in the world, it contains infinite information. Primordial Domain contains the information of the world since creation, it also has the information of the ends of all living beings. It is both the starting point and the ending point. It has nothing, yet it comprises everything."</p> 
<p>Great Strength True Martial was overjoyed: "We have not gone to Primordial Domain yet, oh inkman elder, tell us how to get into the Primordial Domain."</p> 
<p>The inkman elder shook his head: "It is not that I do not want to help you, but we inkmen have also only heard of the location, we have never entered it. Oh humans, we inkmen admire you a lot. You possess knowledge that far surpasses us, thus, if you want to enter Primordial Domain, you need to rely on yourselves."</p> 
<p>Ren Zu and his children had to make their own research.</p> 
<p>Carefree Wisdom Heart had a find, she shouted joyfully: "I found it, I found it!"</p> 
<p>"Oh daughter, what did you find, why are you so excited?" Ren Zu asked in curiosity.</p> 
<p>Carefree Wisdom Heart opened both her palms: "On my right palm, I found right Gu. On my left palm, I found wrong Gu."</p> 
<p>"These two Gu are born in your body, they are ordinary looking and are much less presentable than my authority Gu. What help can they give us?" Great Strength True Martial was very prideful, he spoke nonchalantly.</p> 
<p>Carefree Wisdom Heart answered: "These two Gu allow us to differentiate and classify our knowledge. Look at our knowledge again, the truth is, much of it is right at this moment, but after some time, those pieces of information will be wrong. There is also much of it that is right when placed here, but wrong when placed there. I think that if we use the knowledge that is always right at all times and use it to make our text path, we will be able to reach Primordial Domain."</p> 
<p>Ren Zu nodded: "Your words are quite logical. Let us try it."</p> 
<p>But no matter how they looked, they could not find such knowledge.</p> 
<p>Great Strength True Martial's strong Gu said proudly: "Oh humans, you are wasting your effort. Because in this world, there has only been strong and weak, there has never been right or wrong, thus, your actions are in vain, you cannot classify right and wrong."</p> 
<p id="n1" role="doc-footnote" epub:type="footnote">[1] Awaken aperture in Chinese can also mean enlightenment/reach an understanding. <a href="#r1">Back</a></p>
    </body>
</html>
