<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2250: Fang Yuan’s Scheme</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2250: Fang Yuan’s Scheme</h1>
        <p>Countless thoughts surged in Fang Di Chang’s mind like tall towers before quickly collapsing. The rising and collapsing of the thoughts for thousands of times caused Fang Di Chang to sweat profusely and his face to flush red.</p>
<p>Evidently, his wisdom path deductions reached his limits.</p>
<p>“This is bad, extremely bad!” Fang Di Chang mumbled with an ugly expression. All the results of the deductions let him see the miserable future of Fang clan.</p>
<p>Previously, Wan clan’s rallying failed, thus, Fang clan avoided a calamity, in truth, this was mainly because of the uncertain relationship of Fang clan and Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Adding on that the five regional walls were gone and with the fusion of the two heavens, Gu Immortals were worried for their own safety and maintained caution.</p>
<p>However, Fang Di Chang was very clear of the true nature of Great Love Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>If Fang clan were to be besieged by Western Desert’s super forces, Fang Yuan would never stand up for them.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan only prioritized real benefits!</p>
<p>Unless Fang clan paid a high price that moved Fang Yuan’s heart, he would never help Fang clan.</p>
<p>Like this time, Fang clan first had the intention of attacking Wan clan, before they secretly transacted with Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Fang clan paid a lot of resource points to advance the rank of the core Immortal Gu of roof tile breaker killer move and exchanged for many Immortal Gu to construct that earth path Immortal Gu House.</p>
<p>If Fang Yuan did not help, Fang clan and Fang Yuan’s true relationship would be exposed, then Fang clan would face destruction.</p>
<p>Could Fang clan pay the price for Fang Yuan’s help?</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang had no confidence in this.</p>
<p>What made him more worried was that even if Fang clan could pay a high price to request for Fang Yuan’s assistance, what if the other super forces tried to imitate them, could Fang clan match their price?</p>
<p>“No matter what Fang clan chooses, Fang Yuan will be the biggest winner!” Fang Di Chang gritted his teeth as he thought.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan destroyed his body and captured his soul, Fang Di Chang could not forget this hatred.</p>
<p>“What should we do? This first supreme elder is really the shame of Wan clan, he actually fought so carelessly. Maybe, we can revive him?” Fang Gong suggested with a frown.</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang shook his head.</p>
<p>He had already thought of this, but they could not do it.</p>
<p>Not to mention that Fang clan did not have a method to revive Gu Immortals, they might need to request help from others to revive Wan clan’s first supreme elder.</p>
<p>Even if they succeeded in reviving Wan clan’s first supreme elder, would this grudge be gone?</p>
<p>It was similar to how Fang Di Chang was killed by Fang Yuan and his soul captured, but was released later on. Was the hatred between him and Fang Yuan gone?</p>
<p>How could that be possible!</p>
<p>This grudge deepened, on the contrary.</p>
<p>It could be said that the enmity between Fang clan and Wan clan was already impossible to resolve, Wan clan was definitely going to retaliate with their full strength.</p>
<p>Under this situation, were Fang clan to revive Wan clan’s first supreme elder, it would be like reviving their enemy who would give them more trouble in the future.</p>
<p>It was too stupid.</p>
<p>Naturally, Gu Immortals had endless methods. There were many ways to resolve the hatred.</p>
<p>For instance, the publicly known Spring Autumn Cicada. As long as the rebirth succeeded, everything could start anew.</p>
<p>There were also wisdom path methods to change the feelings of Wan clan’s immortals.</p>
<p>But these methods would need to be of an extremely high rank to be effective on all the Wan clan immortals, and Fang clan did not have them.</p>
<p>“Huff!” Fang Di Chang sighed, sharp light flashed past his eyes as he said heavily, “We can only continue to go forward now. We will go attack Wan clan’s headquarters and deal a huge blow to them!”</p>
<p>Fang Gong narrowed his eyes, while the other Fang clan Gu Immortals felt a chill in their hearts.</p>
<p>This matter had already become big, Fang clan would no doubt face huge trouble.</p>
<p>Since that was the case, there was no need to hesitate, they might as well disregard the consequences and weaken Wan clan as much as possible.</p>
<p>“Alright!” Fang Gong made the decision.</p>
<p>Fang clan immediately collected Chicken Dog Coop and got inside the earth path Immortal Gu House, moving towards Wan clan’s headquarters through the underground.</p>
<p>However, when they reached Wan clan’s headquarters, there was no one there.</p>
<p>Wan clan’s Gu Immortals had evacuated long ago, their remaining Immortal Gu House Myriad Age Building, as well as all the resources in the headquarters and treasuries were also completely gone.</p>
<p>Fang clan’s immortals were livid.</p>
<p>This was the worst situation for Fang clan!</p>
<p>After a while of silence, Fang Di Chang suggested: “First supreme elder, at this point, I can only ask you to move with Chicken Dog Coop and clean out Wan clan’s resource points. I will lead the others to go back to our headquarters and prepare for war!”</p>
<p>Fang Gong nodded: “I guess we have no choice.”</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang’s expression was extremely solemn: “For Fang clan to get past this trial, we must rely on Fang Yuan. The more resource points you can loot, the more Immortal Gu we can exchange from Fang Yuan and have greater hope.”</p>
<p>“I understand!” Fang Gong chose two people to go with him inside Chicken Dog Coop, they disappeared in the horizon.</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang led the remaining Fang clan immortals back to Fang clan’s headquarters in the earth path Immortal Gu House.</p>
<p>A storm was coming, everyone in Fang clan was tense, they were like tigers who sensed threats to their lives, hairs stood on ends and their eyes opened wide, as they prepared to oppose the retaliation of a group of savage beasts!</p>
<p>Eastern Sea.</p>
<p>A sea breeze was blowing, and birds were chirping.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was calmly undergoing a Gu refinement attempt.</p>
<p>Inside sovereign immortal aperture, the refinement of rank nine Advance Refinement had reached the mid-late stage.</p>
<p>It was too easy!</p>
<p>This was Fang Yuan’s biggest impression, even though this was the refinement of a rank nine Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>It was completely different from the previous time.</p>
<p>This time, Fang Yuan was not under the external pressure brought by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. He also did not need to guard the heavenly spirit.</p>
<p>Another crucial point was Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was a wood path Immortal Gu, but advance refinement Gu was a refinement path Immortal Gu. The latter came under Fang Yuan’s specialty.</p>
<p>It was much easier for him to process refinement path immortal materials than to handle wood path immortal materials.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was even dealing with other matters while refining the rank nine Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>Fang clan’s message arrived quickly, and it contained a list.</p>
<p>The contents of the list were over ten resource points! It did not lack large resource points, and there was even a super resource point.</p>
<p>Over these days, Fang Gong displayed the strength of a rank eight Gu Immortal.</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang managed the overall situation, and even dispatched Inquiry Dock. Fang clan combed through Wan clan’s territories, occupying many of the resource points.</p>
<p>“Looks like Fang clan gained a lot. Sure enough, every person has potential. How can it appear if they are not pressured?”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan smiled lightly.</p>
<p>After Fang clan entered the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, they made secret transactions.</p>
<p>By seeing the several Immortal Gu that Fang clan exchanged for, Fang Yuan could deduce Fang clan’s plan.</p>
<p>It was also reasonable for Fang clan to retaliate against Wan clan for self preservation.</p>
<p>Since Tang clan’s name was intentionally concealed by Fang Yuan, it was rather special for Fang Yuan to only be connected to Fang clan among all the Western Desert super forces.</p>
<p>Previously, Wan clan gathered Western Desert’s righteous path forces to attack Fang clan, this had already deeply provoked Fang clan.</p>
<p>Wan clan’s rally failed, Fang clan let out a breath of relief before deciding to take the chance to attack Wan clan. This was a sensible move of using offense as defense!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan immediately developed a plan when he noticed this. He manipulated the scene from behind, helping Fang clan with the Immortal Gu and raising their strength, while also sending a command to Tang clan, imparting a dream path killer move to Tang Fang Ming and also lending a dream path Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>Currently, Fang clan had already stepped into Fang Yuan’s trap, becoming the source of disturbance in Western Desert.</p>
<p>For self-preservation, they must cooperate with Fang Yuan even more deeply, seizing resource points for Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>On the other hand, Tang clan schemed against Fang clan, this was the same as Fang Yuan gaining a huge hold over them. Fang Yuan’s influence over Tang clan deepened much more.</p>
<p>In the letter, Fang clan asked for a lot of Immortal Gu, and also requested Fang Yuan to personally go to Western Desert and display the invincibility of Great Love Immortal Venerable if necessary! For this, Fang clan agreed to pay everything.</p>
<p>“They want me to make a move?” Fang Yuan sneered.</p>
<p>How could it be possible?</p>
<p>In the current situation of the contest of three venerables, Fang Yuan had to make the most of every moment. It was impossible for him to make a move for Fang clan.</p>
<p>He was using Fang clan, using them as a chess piece.</p>
<p>A chess piece was a chess piece, it should be sacrificed when necessary.</p>
<p>Unless the value of the chess piece was extremely high and could not be replaced, Fang Yuan would not go defend it personally.</p>
<p>Who among Fang Yuan’s subordinates could not be replaced?</p>
<p>No one!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan could even abandon his own clones without hesitation when necessary. Why would he make a move for Fang clan?</p>
<p>Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had just started refining Heavenly Court’s wisdom path dao marks when an important message arrived.</p>
<p>“There is a change in Western Desert, Fang clan invaded Wan clan?” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s eyes flickered with starlights.</p>
<p>“There is something fishy about Fang clan being so radical. Did Fang Yuan secretly fuel the situation?” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable quickly thought of this detail, after all, the whole five regions knew about Fang clan openly joining the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.</p>
<p>“Fang clan’s strength rose sharply, Fang Yuan clearly supported them from behind. Wan clan was caught unprepared, and Wan clan’s first supreme elder died in battle. Looks like Fang Yuan is intentionally causing unrest in Western Desert.”</p>
<p>“Fang clan is actually willing to be ordered like this by Fang Yuan, making a move that puts the clan’s survival in risk. It seems Fang Yuan’s influence over Fang clan is much deeper than I thought!”</p>
<p>“This is not good.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable frowned slightly.</p>
<p>She quickly sensed Fang Yuan’s true motive.</p>
<p>“Fang Yuan does not care about Fang clan, even though he needs the resource points to develop the sovereign immortal aperture, his main target is to set an example of Fang clan to influence the Gu Immortal world of the whole five regions and two heavens!”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was a refinement path venerable, it was extremely easy for him to refine Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>With his investment, any super force’s strength would soar rapidly. It was the so-called ‘with a sharp weapon in hand, killing intent rises’; Fang Yuan’s simple transaction could break the power balance that had existed for a long time in the five regions’ Gu Immortal world.</p>
<p>At present, Western Desert super forces already understood the benefits of transacting with Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>On one hand, Fang Yuan was openly transacting Immortal Gu in treasure yellow heaven, and the price was affordable to the super forces. On the other hand, he created the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, allowing any super force to join the alliance. Moreover, once they joined the alliance, they could transact secretly and obtain a lot of benefits.</p>
<p>Fang clan joined the alliance, so they could transact secretly and raise their strength. Now, Wan clan Gu Immortals did not even dare to show up, they could only let Fang clan loot almost all of their resource points.</p>
<p>This trend was truly dangerous!</p>
<p>The gains of Fang clan moved people, while the miserable state of Wan clan deterred them.</p>
<p>What could super forces do in this situation?</p>
<p>The simplest choice was to join the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance!</p>
    </body>
</html>