<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2203: Blood Sea Clone</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2203: Blood Sea Clone</h1>
        
        <p>It was only Heavenly Lord Bai Zu's clone, but it was still at rank eight, the immortals quickly paid their respects.</p> 
<p>Chu Du was satisfied.</p> 
<p>Although Heavenly Lord Bai Zu did not personally come to back him up, Chu Du knew Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had an exquisite method that could let the clone and main body switch places instantly. Thus, with this clone here, it was no different from Heavenly Lord Bai Zu personally being here.</p> 
<p>At this crucial moment, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was a reliable partner for Chu Du.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had been paying a lot of attention to the impending battle of Chu Du and Fairy Black Moon.</p> 
<p>After all, with Longevity Heaven above them and the unity of the Huang Jin tribes, Bai Zu tribe and Chu tribe had to stay allied and endure the immense pressure together.</p> 
<p>It was just that he had a really urgent mission at this time.</p> 
<p>The only one that could summon him was naturally Longevity Heaven.</p> 
<p>Currently, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was in Longevity Heaven, beside him was the current generation South Desolation Immortal — Yao Huang.</p> 
<p>Seeing Heavenly Lord Bai Zu slightly out of sorts, Yao Huang understood inwardly, smiling: "Bai Zu, who do you think will win in the fight between Chu Du and Black Moon?"</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu retracted his consciousness, smiling bitterly: "From my angle, I naturally hope Chu Du can win. However, Fairy Black Moon is no small character, her strength is hard to estimate. This will definitely be a fierce battle!"</p> 
<p>"Lord Bai Zu is correct."</p> 
<p>"Both cultivate strength path, one has been renowned for a long time, while the other's reputation is rising rapidly. It is indeed hard to tell who is stronger, only the fight will determine the winner and the loser."</p> 
<p>"That Fairy Black Moon seems to have inherited Reckless Savage's true inheritance, her strength path attainment cannot be underestimated."</p> 
<p>"In my view, Chu Du still has a higher chance of winning. After all, he is a legendary person who had once pressured the whole of Liu tribe!"</p> 
<p>The moment these words came out, Liu tribe Gu Immortals snorted coldly with displeased expressions.</p> 
<p>A large group of Gu Immortals had gathered around Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang, they were all from Huang Jin tribes.</p> 
<p>As the Gu Immortals were discussing, Five Elements Grandmaster suddenly flew over: "Alright, the formation is set, please enter the formation."</p> 
<p>A large formation was set up in front of the immortals.</p> 
<p>Beautiful blood-red lines were all over the formation.</p> 
<p>The Huang Jin tribes' Gu Immortals stopped talking as they entered the formation, among them was Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, who brought Hei tribe's Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Soon, only Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang remained at the periphery of the formation.</p> 
<p>Yao Huang looked at the formation, saying suddenly: "It is good if Chu Du wins, but if he fails, Black Moon might really rise to power. Did you secretly help Chu Du?"</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu shook his head: "I won't lie to you, I had suggested this to him, but it was rejected. He only wants to use his strength path attainment to fight this battle. To him, this strength path battle holds extraordinary significance."</p> 
<p>Yao Huang thought to himself, smiling inwardly: "Chu Du will lose, and it is a certain loss. Hei Lou Lan was nurtured by our Ancestor, her strength is beyond her peers, and with effort Gu helping her, her cultivation level, killer moves, and other aspects are progressing rapidly. Meanwhile, Hei Lou Lan already knows the information regarding Chu Du. With this win, Hei Lou Lan will become a leading character in Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world. Later on, she will be able to lead lone and demonic immortals with her every action."</p> 
<p>Right at this time, the sky of Longevity Heaven suddenly changed, warning alarms started ringing!</p> 
<p>This was the arranged signal!</p> 
<p>"How could it be so early?" Yao Huang's expression changed greatly, as he shouted, "Quickly activate the formation!"</p> 
<p>Even without his reminder, Five Elements Grandmaster, who was in charge of the formation, was already activating it.</p> 
<p>The formation buzzed loudly as blood-red light bloomed.</p> 
<p>The</p> 
<p>This formation was actually a rank eight blood path immortal formation!</p> 
<p>The blood path formation produced a mysterious strength that quickly disappeared from the formation and transferred to a mysterious place.</p> 
<p>At this time.</p> 
<p>Crazed Demon Cave, ninth layer, in Star Constellation Chessboard Formation.</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable made the fatal move!</p> 
<p>Whoosh.</p> 
<p>Suddenly, the near-dead Immortal Zombie Giant Sun's body burned with blood-red flames.</p> 
<p>Countless Gu worms shone and flew around inside Immortal Zombie Giant Sun's aperture, forming a killer move that drew in the blood path divine power from Longevity Heaven!</p> 
<p>Among them, familial emotion Gu was the first core, next to familial emotion Gu was imitation Gu. This time, imitation Gu had already transformed into blood relation Gu, which was the second core.</p> 
<p>The blood path divine power quickly spread throughout Immortal Zombie Giant Sun's body. His ice-cold immortal zombie black blood burned intensely like boiling water.</p> 
<p>Golden rays shot out from the black blood and spread rapidly like water. After a few breaths of time, all the blood in Immortal Zombie Giant Sun turned into the color of gold.</p> 
<p>His dry black skin, like that of a withered tree, became filled with vitality as it regained a white luster.</p> 
<p>Thorn-like hair quickly grew and draped down to his shoulders.</p> 
<p>His eyes that were dark and dim earlier started shining in golden light now.</p> 
<p>His entire body began to grow taller, he had a slightly hunched back earlier, but was now standing tall with bulging muscles, he became a middle aged man of over nine feet in height.</p> 
<p>Boom!</p> 
<p>Blood colored radiance spread, causing winds and clouds to stir.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had completely revived!</p> 
<p>The whole revival process was extremely short. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable found that she was not able to break the blood-red barrier of light around Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, and even sensed hints of a trap around Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, so she watched from the side.</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's gaze was deep: "As I expected, Blood Sea Ancestor was your clone."</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled, showing his white teeth: "Star Constellation, you cultivate wisdom path primarily with star path as your secondary path. Genesis Lotus cultivates wood path and painting path. Thieving Heaven cultivates theft path primarily with space path as the secondary path. With one main and one specialty path, us venerables can compete with each other on equal grounds. And in my case, I chose blood path."</p> 
<p>"It is just that the timing was not right when I was alive. Only after countless years past my death was there enough foundation for my Blood Sea clone to create blood path. And talents emerged in Heavenly Court as well, there first were Gu Immortal Fei Shuang and Ning Xue, this master and disciple pair who hunted down my Blood Sea clone. Later, refinement path great grandmaster Lian Shen Ke refined blood relation Immortal Gu which almost destroyed my plan. Fortunately, I had backup methods."</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court had already felt something strange about Blood Sea Ancestor.</p> 
<p>Thus, they constructed Demon Judgment Board to suppress blood path.</p> 
<p>Although Immortal Zombie Giant Sun succeeded in reviving, the progress of blood path was seriously impeded, it did not develop into a mainstream path and was always treated like a detestable path. Even though super forces researched it, they only did it behind closed doors.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's original plan was to keep luck path a secret while borrowing the strength of the world to perfect blood path, but blood path ended up being obstructed.</p> 
<p>If blood path had been prosperous, the current Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's strength would have risen much more.</p> 
<p>"Forget it, how can everything go as one wishes?" Giant Sun Immortal Venerable heaved a sigh, his gaze moving past Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, past the formation, towards the distance.</p> 
<p>There were only a few truthful floating ice pieces left in the Crazed Demon formation.</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable solemnly gathered her concentration.</p> 
<p>In front of her was a fully revived Giant Sun Immortal Venerable with no trace of injuries, and although his strength had not been restored to the peak state, it was similar to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's.</p> 
<p>And Qin Ding Ling was still in the process of revival. Luck gamble was already used before and would be difficult to use again with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable already on guard against it.</p> 
<p>Star Constellation and Giant Sun's fight was definitely going to be an uncontrollable battle of life and death.</p> 
<p>However, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable felt troubled if she had to fight without any considerations. The current situation was not simple, she had various misgivings.</p> 
<p>At this time, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable suddenly sighed: "Star Constellation, the eternal life research results are right before our eyes, let's hold off our fight for the moment. How about we join hands and get rid of these irrelevant people first?"</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was dazed for a bit before nodding with a smile: "That is appropriate, we should do that."</p> 
<p>These two venerables were still fighting a life and death battle earlier, but they were actually working together now!</p> 
<p>This was undoubtedly a wise move.</p> 
<p>It would be a shame if bystanders got benefits when two tigers fought.</p> 
<p>Thereupon, the sensible Star Constellation and Giant Sun were naturally going to get rid of the weak ones first!</p> 
<p>Boom!</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable directly charged towards Fang Yuan, countless golden light rays shot at Fang Yuan like spears or swords.</p> 
<p>This was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable showing his sincerity to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was with Paradise Earth, and he had killed Qin Ding Ling not long ago.</p> 
<p>"You defend while I attack." Fang Yuan said to Paradise Earth.</p> 
<p>Paradise Earth hesitated for a bit before nodding.</p> 
<p>Heaven path killer move — Heavenly Web Protection Veil.</p> 
<p>Milky white light web appeared once again, the heavenly web was pure without any dust. There were large gaps but they did not allow anything in.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's golden light rays were completely blocked by the heavenly web.</p> 
<p>This was the void, there were no outside world's luck path dao marks to amplify Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. On the contrary, they were also under the threat of Limitless' countermeasures. It was not like in the Door of Life and Death where Spectral Soul Demon Venerable obtained amplification from countless soul path dao marks and could also use his full strength without any restraints.</p> 
<p>Five restriction profound light qi!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan attacked from afar, five colored smoke spread rapidly.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not slow down, he kept on charging closer.</p> 
<p>Golden light constantly flowed around his body, when Giant Sun Immortal Venerable entered the five restriction profound light qi, the five colored smoke flowed away from him.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable closed in on Fang Yuan and used a killer move.</p> 
<p>A golden hand quickly flew out and grabbed at Fang Yuan's head.</p> 
<p>The giant hand was about to pluck Fang Yuan's luck, but at the next moment, Cooking Luck Pot showed itself. It shook fiercely as it blocked the giant hand.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable used another move, the golden hand was reinforced and strengthened greatly.</p> 
<p>But as it tried to pluck with more force, Cooking Luck Pot's retaliation became even stronger, even directly flicking away the giant hand.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable already knew Fang Yuan had Cooking Luck Pot and that it was quite strong. But this attempt still shocked him: "How many rank eight Immortal Gu did he use to raise Cooking Luck Pot to this level?"</p> 
<p>Even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was feeling troubled right now.</p> 
<p>With the protection of such a strong Cooking Luck Pot, most of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's luck path methods were useless against Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Normally speaking, the reason Gu Immortals could hardly fight Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was because it was difficult for them to guard against Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's luck path methods. Once Giant Sun Immortal Venerable attacked their luck, they had few methods to block it, and there was furthermore a low chance of blocking it.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan's situation was different.</p>
    </body>
</html>
