<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2228: Control of Immortal Essence Stones</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2228: Control of Immortal Essence Stones</h1>
        
        <p>Central Continent.</p> 
<p>Three rank six Gu Immortals were surrounding an ancient cloud beast and attacking it.</p> 
<p>"Be careful!"</p> 
<p>The ancient cloud beast suddenly transformed and raised its speed, attacking the woman among the three immortals.</p> 
<p>The female immortal was not fazed, her white blouse moved like a blooming flower, a vague silhouette blocking the cloud beast's attack.</p> 
<p>But this ancient cloud beast also attacked more fiercely, even though it was blocked, it did not retreat, instead, it changed its form and enveloped the female immortal entirely.</p> 
<p>From outside, it looked like the ancient cloud beast had devoured the female immortal.</p> 
<p>"Fairy Lian Yun!" Shi Zheng Yi shouted and wanted to activate an information path killer move anxiously.</p> 
<p>But beside him, Yu Yi Ye Zi stopped his action: "Wait! If you use this move and pierce the cloud beast, what if you injure Fairy Lian Yun?"</p> 
<p>Shi Zheng Yi stopped and gritted his teeth: "Then what do we do?"</p> 
<p>Yu Yi Ye Zi, who had the appearance of a young man, showed a solemn expression: "In this situation, I can only try to use that move."</p> 
<p>"What move?" Shi Zheng Yi felt that it was too dangerous: "Don't tell me you are not familiar with it yet?"</p> 
<p>But Yu Yi Ye Zi had already started preparing the move.</p> 
<p>Sensing the aura of the killer move, the cloud beast enveloped Zhao Lian Yun and rushed towards them.</p> 
<p>Shi Zheng Yi immediately used his method to try to stall the ancient cloud beast.</p> 
<p>He opened his mouth wide and his tongue could be seen.</p> 
<p>The information path killer move activated as Shi Zheng Yi spoke rapidly without stopping.</p> 
<p>The power of words affected the ancient cloud beast's body as a formless power accumulated and stalled its movement.</p> 
<p>After more than ten breaths of time, Shi Zheng Yi finally heard Yu Yi Ye Zi's voice, he deactivated his killer move with joy and dodged to the side.</p> 
<p>Yu Yi Ye Zi's palms aimed at the ancient cloud beast as two beams of light shot out of them.</p> 
<p>The beams were pale blue, after landing on the ancient cloud beast, they started to dissolve.</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun, who was trapped inside the cloud beast, struggled intensely, she put in more effort and finally broke free from it, regaining freedom.</p> 
<p>"Alright, my turn!" Shi Zheng Yi saw that Zhao Lian Yun had escaped and quickly made his move, cooperating with Yu Yi Ye Zi and using an offensive killer move.</p> 
<p>Two killer moves landed on the ancient cloud beast, with a loud sound, this ancient cloud beast exploded on the spot.</p> 
<p>The ancient cloud beast's corpse turned into lumps of clouds, most were immortal materials. After Zhao Lian Yun and the rest collected the materials, they rested on the spot.</p> 
<p>"It was my fault, I got trapped by the cloud beast and caused our immortal materials to not be high in quality." Zhao Lian Yun apologized.</p> 
<p>"This loss is nothing. We only have rank six cultivation level but fought against an ancient cloud beast, winning is already a huge achievement, we cannot ask for more." Yu Yi Ye Zi consoled.</p> 
<p>Shi Zheng Yi talked loudly: "Ever since the battle of Reverse Flow River, we have not been able to meet up often. While the two heavens are fusing together, with beast groups escaping from the two heavens to Central Continent, we are able to meet again to stop the calamity. Why bother fussing over the small details?"</p> 
<p>The friendship of the three immortals was built up during the Reverse Flow River battle.</p> 
<p>Even though Fang Yuan was the biggest winner in that battle, the three of them had performed very well in the battle, they were saved by Wei Ling Yang who risked his life, and they managed to hair-raisingly escape with their lives under the reinforcements of Central Continent later.</p> 
<p>After they returned to their sect, they received a lot of nurturing.</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun smiled and said after Shi Zheng Yi: "Since we do not mind the small details, I would like Shi to accept this gift."</p> 
<p>Saying so, she landed an information path immortal material to Shi Zheng Yi.</p> 
<p>Shi Zheng Yi was very happy: "Wait, this is trash talk petal flower? This is an immortal material that I need to refine my Immortal Gu!"</p> 
<p>He did not stand on ceremony, he took this rank six immortal material and inspected it carefully.</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun turned to Yu Yi Ye Zi and smiled as she handed him a refinement path Gu Immortal true inheritance: "I got it."</p> 
<p>Yu Yi Ye Zi was very happy: "The refinement path inheritance I cultivate is called eight refinement gates, to think that the rumors are true, a certain generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House actually created the ninth gate on the foundation of this inheritance. Ah ah ah, Fairy Lian Yun, how can I repay you?"</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun shook her head and smiled: "This is something within my abilities, it is also your good luck. Thankfully, I am the current generation fairy, otherwise, I cannot have such authority to take the true inheritance."</p> 
<p>"As for thanking me, of course I need something too." Zhao Lian Yun said in a casual tone like she was joking: "When you become rank seven or eight Gu Immortals, try to take care of me."</p> 
<p>Shi Zheng Yi and Yu Yi Ye Zi's expressions turned slightly dim.</p> 
<p>They knew about Zhao Lian Yun's situation.</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun had Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's rank nine killer move divine concealment, she was unable to undergo tribulations so her cultivation level could not advance.</p> 
<p>In contrast, Shi Zheng Yi and Yu Yi Ye Zi's cultivation levels had increased significantly since the battle of Reverse Flow River.</p> 
<p>Shi Zheng Yi gritted his teeth and said: "To speak the truth, I have been trying to find a way for you to break through this limitation. Gu Immortals go through tribulations because of the Heavenly Dao's balancing, heaven's will manipulate calamities and tribulations to form. Fairy, you cannot undergo tribulations because divine concealment hides you from heaven's will. The solution is simple, you just need to unravel divine concealment."</p> 
<p>"Divine concealment is a rank nine killer move, the difficulty of breaking this killer move is too high. But with the reign of three venerables now, breaking a rank nine killer move is not impossible. But destroying the killer move is too wasteful. I think, maybe you can find Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to help, she is a wisdom path venerable, I am sure she has a solution."</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun smiled bitterly: "Star Constellation Immortal Venerable is high and mighty, how can someone like myself even get to meet her?"</p> 
<p>"Fairy Lian Yun, do not look down on yourself. The fact that you own rank nine love Immortal Gu means that you will not be ignored." Yu Yi Ye Zi urged: "But to get Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's help, according to the rules of the ten great ancient sects and Heavenly Court, you will need to pay a huge amount of contribution points. But now, you used your contribution points to exchange for this true inheritance that you gave me, thus... I hope you will take all these cloud beast immortal materials."</p> 
<p>Shi Zheng Yi laughed heartily: "Then I will do the same, this is just a small token of my gratitude."</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun immediately shook her head: "I understand your concern. If I bring back these cloud beast corpses and hand them over, I will get more contribution points than what I spent for the true inheritance. Even so, the amount that I lack to get Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's help is still too much."</p> 
<p>"It is better to invest in you two first and raise your strength to rank seven or eight before you come back and help me, wouldn't that be more efficient?"</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun made a lot of sense, after listening to her, Shi Zheng Yi and Yu Yi Ye Zi decided to keep the cloud beast corpses.</p> 
<p>"Even so, Fairy Lian Yun, please accept these immortal essence stones."</p> 
<p>"Yeah, in the following fights, a lot of immortal essence will be expended. At the crucial moment, you can replenish it using immortal essence stones to deal with dangerous situations."</p> 
<p>Shi Zheng Yi and Yu Yi Ye Zi spoke again.</p> 
<p>This time, Zhao Lian Yun did not reject them, she took both of their immortal essence stones.</p> 
<p>"I do not have many immortal essence stones indeed."</p> 
<p>"In fact, the sect is rarely giving out immortal essence stones now. Do you know what's going on?" Zhao Lian Yun asked.</p> 
<p>Yu Yi Ye Zi and Shi Zheng Yi shook their heads, they were in the same situation.</p> 
<p>Shi Zheng Yi was an information path cultivator after all, he had heard some vague rumors: "The ten great ancient sects are all lower sects of Heavenly Court, all of our immortal essence stones are distributed by them. Ever since the fate war, Heavenly Court has started to reduce the amount of immortal essence stones distributed. By now, they have basically stopped giving out any immortal essence stones. The ten great ancient sects have their own immortal essence stone storage, but to save for the future, they also stopped handing them out."</p> 
<p>Yu Yi Ye Zi also said: "Recently, when transacting refinement path immortal materials in treasure yellow heaven, I also noticed this. There are increased transactions in treasure yellow heaven, but most of them are done through resource trading, the circulation of immortal essence stones has dwindled."</p> 
<p>"Is Heavenly Court trying to influence the five regions' Gu Immortal world through immortal essence stones?" Zhao Lian Yun's eyes shined with bright light.</p> 
<p>All along, the immortal essence stones in the market of the five regions and two heavens were from Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>If Heavenly Court had control of the source, their influence would be huge.</p> 
<p>The group that was most heavily affected were the rank six Gu Immortals, and they also had the largest number in the Gu Immortal world.</p> 
<p>As one's cultivation level rose to become rank seven or eight, their dependence on immortal essence stones would fall.</p> 
<p>And this was very inconvenient for Zhao Lian Yun.</p> 
<p>There were mainly two aspects. Firstly, having the transactions in treasure yellow heaven was inconvenient. Secondly, once Zhao Lian Yun had little immortal essence, she would not be able to replenish it quickly without immortal essence stones.</p> 
<p>"Don't tell me that Heavenly Court is trying to reduce the number of transactions among the Gu Immortals of the five regions so that they can prevent the lower ranked Gu Immortals from fighting in advance?" Zhao Lian Yun thought to herself.</p> 
<p>The phenomenon of reducing immortal essence stones became noticed by more Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Because there was only one source, which was Heavenly Court, other forces could not do anything about it.</p> 
<p>During normal times, immortal essence stones were used as currency for Gu Immortals to trade, but during war times, they were important tactical resources as Gu Immortals could replenish immortal essence with them!</p> 
<p>After realizing this phenomenon, the various forces of the five regions started to buy immortal essence stones and stock up on them, this made the supply of immortal essence stones became even lower than before.</p> 
<p>Naturally, Fang Yuan had noticed this himself.</p> 
<p>"Heavenly Court is trying to weaken the strength of the other forces before war erupts, while raising the value of their own immortal essence stones?"</p> 
<p>He was very interested in the secret behind Heavenly Court's immortal essence stones.</p> 
<p>Be it Shadow Sect's true inheritance, or Paradise Earth's true inheritance, he had not found any clues. Even during the fate war when Fang Yuan attacked Heavenly Court and destroyed the immortal graveyard, he did not find out the secret of the immortal essence stones.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court limited the flow of immortal essence stones, it caused a huge headache to countless forces and Gu Immortals, but for Fang Yuan, the problem was small.</p> 
<p>One immortal essence stone was equivalent to one green grape immortal essence bead, each of Fang Yuan's yellow apricot immortal essence beads were worth a million immortal essence stones!</p> 
<p>Several days had passed since Fang Yuan arrived in the immemorial heavens and stabilized heaven form.</p> 
<p>"Let's start."</p> 
<p>He let out a breath of air and started to prepare an immortal killer move.</p> 
<p>Heaven path killer move — Obscured Heavenly Secret!</p>
    </body>
</html>
