<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2272: Doing Everything To Help</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2272: Doing Everything To Help</h1>
        <p>Qin Ding Ling and Jun Shen Guang flew rapidly along the way.</p>
<p>Ever since Qin Ding Ling used her luck path killer move, the two of them had a smooth journey</p>
<p>with nearly no hurdles.</p>
<p>Jun Shen Guang sighed in admiration and praised it many times.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling explained: ”The might of the move far exceeded my usual limits, I have already</p>
<p>comprehended a part of the reason for the resonance with heaven and earth.”</p>
<p>“Back then, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable placed Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace in</p>
<p>Northern Plains’ black heaven, it was there for three hundred thousand years.”</p>
<p>“In these three hundred thousand years, Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace had been exerting</p>
<p>its effect to lay out luck path dao marks, spreading nearly throughout the entire immemorial</p>
<p>black heaven.”</p>
<p>“Precisely because of this terrifying accumulation, it caused us to fail and suffer huge losses</p>
<p>when Central Continent invaded Northern Plains to try and take fortune rivaling heaven Gu.”</p>
<p>“Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had already predicted that the two heavens would fuse, thus, he</p>
<p>moved Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace away and used it in the battle in Crazed Demon</p>
<p>Cave.”</p>
<p>“But the three hundred thousand years of accumulated luck path dao marks are all carved in</p>
<p>Northern Plains’ immemorial black heaven. Furthermore, the number is too vast to imagine.”</p>
<p>“After the two heavens fused, both black and white heavens broke into countless fragments of</p>
<p>various sizes, this caused the luck path dao marks to spread out as well.</p>
<p>Jun Shen Guang asked: ”So why did your luck path killer move get amplified by these luck path</p>
<p>dao marks? Is it because a move was made by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable?”</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling had a grim expression: ”If that is so, this will be part of Giant Sun Immortal</p>
<p>Venerable’s scheme. But this is quite unlikely, because I have already asked Star Constellation</p>
<p>Immortal Venerable about it, she told me that these luck path dao marks are natural dao marks,</p>
<p>they do not belong to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.”</p>
<p>Jun Shen Guang was more confused now: ”So why was there a resonance?”</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling shook her head: ”Forget about this for now, the matter at hand is to recruit</p>
<p>Flickering Light grotto-heaven!”</p>
<p>Regarding this, Jun Shen Guang was even more confident than before: ”Lady Qin Ding Ling’s</p>
<p>luck path killer move is unparalleled, in my opinion, we will definitely succeed this time.”</p>
<p>A while later.</p>
<p>The two immortals got close to Flickering Light grotto-heaven.</p>
<p>They were shocked to see that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was rampaging inside</p>
<p>Flickering Light grotto-heaven.</p>
<p>He did not enter the grotto-heaven physically, but he broke the grotto-heaven door and</p>
<p>extended hundreds of arms inside to slaughter and destroy everything he could reach, be it</p>
<p>mortals or immortals, it was a cruel sight.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling went into a daze.</p>
<p>She had never expected such a thing to happen.</p>
<p>The immemorial two heavens were too huge.</p>
<p>It was very improbable for Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to find trouble with Flickering Light</p>
<p>grotto-heaven at this very moment.</p>
<p>Jun Shen Guang’s mouth opened wide as he stared at Spectral Soul Demon Venerable before</p>
<p>turning around to look at Qin Ding Ling with a complex expression.</p>
<p>He seemed to be asking: ”Is this the effect of your luck path killer move?”</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling coughed and said awkwardly: ”Spectral Soul Demon Venerable is a venerable,</p>
<p>even if my luck path method was amplified by the resonance of heaven and earth, it should not</p>
<p>have such an immense effect.”</p>
<p>Jun Shen Guang was dazed: ”What should we do?”</p>
<p>They had originally planned to recruit Profound Literature grotto-heaven, but Old Immortal Hua</p>
<p>Yu displayed the specialty of an information path expert.</p>
<p>He hinted to them that if they could recruit Flickering Light grotto-heaven, he would join them as</p>
<p>well.</p>
<p>But now, after Qin Ding Ling and Jun Shen Guang took the time to travel all this way to</p>
<p>Flickering Light grotto-heaven, they found that Flickering Light grotto-heaven was about to be</p>
<p>destroyed by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!</p>
<p>“Quickly escape, grotto lord!”</p>
<p>“Let us draw the attention of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!”</p>
<p>“Flickering Light grotto-heaven is going to be destroyed, but your immortal aperture and our</p>
<p>clansmen are all alive, please, you need to think of the big picture.”</p>
<p>At this time, six Gu Immortals flew out of Flickering Light grotto-heaven.</p>
<p>Rank eight light path Gu Immortal Liang Jing Jing was covered in heavy injuries, she was flying</p>
<p>away in tears now as the other Gu Immortals used their lives to defend her.</p>
<p>However, even if Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was not sane now, he was still a venerable.</p>
<p>He had overwhelming killing intent, seeing that these Gu Immortals were trying to escape, he</p>
<p>followed his instincts and tried to kill them.</p>
<p>The Gu Immortals of Flickering Light grotto-heaven were in imminent danger.</p>
<p>“A chance!” Jun Shen Guang shouted uncontrollably.</p>
<p>“So that’s it.” Qin Ding Ling understood at once: ”So this is the true effect of my luck path killer</p>
<p>move.”</p>
<p>Often, precious opportunities were hidden in dangerous situations.</p>
<p>“Let us help you!” Qin Ding Ling shouted and made a move first.</p>
<p>Jun Shen Guang quickly followed after her.</p>
<p>The Gu Immortals of Flickering Light grotto-heaven were initially fearful, according to their</p>
<p>current faction, they were enemies. But after realizing that the Heavenly Court immortals were</p>
<p>really helping them, these Gu Immortals developed an intense feeling of joy and gratitude.</p>
<p>Eventually, with the help of Qin Ding Ling and Jun Shen Guang, the Flickering Light</p>
<p>grotto-heaven Gu Immortals managed to escape.</p>
<p>Of course, they paid a huge price for this.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling was lightly injured while Jun Shen Guang was heavily injured, only three Gu</p>
<p>Immortals from Flickering Light grotto-heaven were left, one was unconscious while two were</p>
<p>heavily injured.</p>
<p>“This is the power of a venerable, we had no way to retaliate!” Jun Shen Guang sighed,</p>
<p>although he was safe now, he still sighed while feeling lingering fear.</p>
<p>He was a rank eight expert, but when chased by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he was</p>
<p>fragile as a baby.</p>
<p>And this was when Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had no sanity, his actions were akin to a</p>
<p>soul beast.</p>
<p>“If Spectral Soul Demon Venerable chased after us with all his strength, we would not have</p>
<p>survived. Thankfully, his attention was mostly on Flickering Light grotto-heaven, he only chased</p>
<p>us for a while before returning to destroy the grotto-heaven!” Qin Ding Ling said.</p>
<p>“Sigh...”</p>
<p>“Our homeland...”</p>
<p>Of the three Gu Immortals of Flickering Light grotto-heaven, one was unconscious while two</p>
<p>had pale expression, they had a heavy mood and felt deep sadness, pain, anger, and</p>
<p>helplessness that could not be concealed.</p>
<p>“You have my condolences. Venerables are invincible while us rank eights are ants. It was</p>
<p>already our great fortune to have been able to escape.” Qin Ding Ling consoled.</p>
<p>Liang Jing Jing suddenly bowed and paid respects to Qin Ding Ling and Jun Shen Guang: ”I will</p>
<p>never forget the debt of saving our lives. We were enemies but you risked your lives to save us,</p>
<p>such righteousness and magnanimity is truly astounding, we are in deep awe.”</p>
<p>“Heavenly Court is truly the leader of humanity, you will forever be the number one force in the</p>
<p>world!”</p>
<p>“Compared to you, it is truly the biggest irony that our alliance leader called himself Great Love</p>
<p>Immortal Venerable and created the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.”</p>
<p>Speaking of Fang Yuan, Liang Jing Jing felt immense hatred.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling and Jun Shen Guang looked at each other, seeing the joy in each other’s eyes.</p>
<p>The other Gu Immortal from Flickering Light grotto-heaven who was awake said: ”Friends from</p>
<p>Heavenly Court, our Grotto Lord is not a scheming person, Fang Yuan had really gone</p>
<p>overboard!”</p>
<p>“We had already asked him for help, we placed light heaven in treasure yellow heaven and</p>
<p>transacted it to him.”</p>
<p>“But he took our light heaven and ignored our plight, he showed no intentions of helping us, he</p>
<p>directly abandoned us!”</p>
<p>“We are his subordinates, we are members of his Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance!”</p>
<p>“Such an action is truly disappointing and shameful. To think that we believed he would change</p>
<p>his ways and become righteous after becoming venerable!”</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling and Jun Shen Guang were very happy now.</p>
<p>Even without them saying anything, the Gu Immortals of Flickering Light grotto-heaven were</p>
<p>already hinting that they wanted to jump ship and join them!</p>
<p>“Lady Qin Ding Ling’s luck path killer move is truly profound and mystical.” Jun Shen Guang</p>
<p>praised internally.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling had a solemn expression: ”I won’t hide this from you, we came here because of a</p>
<p>certain reason.”</p>
<p>Next, Qin Ding Ling explained the details of why she came, she even requested for Liang Jing</p>
<p>Jing to help convince Old Immortal Hua Yu.</p>
<p>After hearing her words, Liang Jing Jing and the rest were also quite joyful.</p>
<p>They had no choice now but to try to join Heavenly Court, they were very uneasy about</p>
<p>betraying Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>If Fang Yuan came to them to settle the score, they would be in trouble.</p>
<p>Even if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could block Heaven Refining Demon Venerable</p>
<p>for some time and protect, how could she guard them forever?</p>
<p>If Fang Yuan bore hatred and wanted to kill these traitors, he would have the initiative. He could</p>
<p>attack anytime he wanted to.</p>
<p>If he attacked on a random day, the Gu Immortals of Flickering Light grotto-heaven would not be</p>
<p>able to block him or wait for reinforcements.</p>
<p>They were absolutely sure of that now.</p>
<p>Because earlier, they saw the terrifying might of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>He was just a senseless venerable.</p>
<p>If he had sanity, if their enemy was Fang Yuan instead of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, that</p>
<p>would be incredibly terrifying. These Gu Immortals had no way of escaping at all.</p>
<p>The Gu Immortals of Flickering Light grotto-heaven confirmed that they were betraying him now,</p>
<p>in that case, they needed more traitors on this ship, so that his attention would be split among</p>
<p>them.</p>
<p>Thus, Liang Jing Jing did not even care about her injuries, she decided to go with Qin Ding Ling</p>
<p>to try and convince Old Immortal Hua Yu at Profound Literature grotto-heaven.</p>
<p>The group met with Old Immortal Hua Yu as they conversed secretly.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling spoke convincingly: ”Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has already</p>
<p>deduced the result, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable seem to be roaming aimlessly and causing</p>
<p>destruction, but there is a pattern with his actions.”</p>
<p>“He is destroying the pillars that hold up immemorial white heaven. For example, the heavenly</p>
<p>chasm, heavenly pillar, or even heaven vein nodes like Flickering Light grotto-heaven.”</p>
<p>“Your Profound Literature grotto-heaven is the same as Flickering Light grotto-heaven, you are</p>
<p>both heaven vein nodes of immemorial white heaven. Spectral Soul Demon Venerable will</p>
<p>definitely come to destroy Profound Literature grotto-heaven in the future.”</p>
<p>Liang Jing Jing added: ”Old Immortal Hua Yu, we’ve known each other for many years. You’ve</p>
<p>seen what happened to me, Fang Yuan abandoned us, he even took away our light heaven, he</p>
<p>is cold, cruel, and shameless to the extreme!”</p>
<p>“Do you want to entrust your life to such an alliance leader?”</p>
<p>“You have to decide now. Once Spectral Soul Demon Venerable comes to find you, it will be too</p>
<p>late for Profound Literature grotto-heaven to relocate.”</p>
    </body>
</html>