<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1970: Heavenly Court&apos;s Dilemma</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1970: Heavenly Court&apos;s Dilemma</h1>
        
        <p>Lady Cold Ash flew first towards the entrance of Ice Crystal grotto-heaven.</p> 
<p>The two rank sevens from Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven quickly went to receive her.</p> 
<p>"Aunt." The tall and thin Gu Immortal asked in concern: "How was the discussion?"</p> 
<p>Lady Cold Ash shook her head lightly, at this time, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord also flew out of Ice Crystal grotto-heaven.</p> 
<p>The two conversed for some time before parting ways. Night Heavenly Wolf Lord brought his wolf group along while Lady Cold Ash led her soul beast army, going back to their respective grotto-heavens.</p> 
<p>Along the way, the three immortals conversed, not knowing that Spectral Soul was lurking around them.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul had originally wanted to hunt the soul beasts, but after seeing this, he changed his mind.</p> 
<p>Just by the name of Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven, he could tell its foundation was soul path. Seeing that Lady Cold Ash and the two rank sevens were soul path Gu Immortals, Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven must be a place filled with abundant soul path cultivation resources.</p> 
<p>Let alone anything else, just the soul beast army that they controlled was a scrumptious meal to Spectral Soul.</p> 
<p>"Qi tides rampage in the five regions and two heavens, the grotto-heaven forces in black and white heaven will not lay low. Hehe, I can use this to my advantage and assault the other venerable forces and speed up my growth!"</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul not only had to deal with Fang Yuan, there were also venerable forces like Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven.</p> 
<p>Now that fate Gu was destroyed, Spectral Soul was able to revive, the other venerables were also able to revive themselves.</p> 
<p>With Fang Yuan missing at the moment, Spectral Soul had to consider the whole situation. Even though his true nature was killing, there were many ways to kill. Using others as one's lethal weapon was also a high level killing method, he was going to use it now.</p> 
<p>Lady Cold Ash and the rest did not know that their Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven was currently targeted by a huge monster, Spectral Soul. Meanwhile, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord returned to his Night Wolf grotto-heaven.</p> 
<p>Many Gu Immortals in Night Wolf grotto-heaven quickly greeted him.</p> 
<p>Night Heavenly Wolf Lord said: "Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch wants us to form an alliance to resist the five regions. This is quite a difficult situation."</p> 
<p>Gu Immortal Ye Zhi nodded: "It is quite difficult. In the current situation, fate Gu is destroyed, the five regions merged, as the heaven and earth qi fuse together, qi tides rampage in the world, no grotto-heaven can conceal itself. We are small and lone forces, when the five regions attack us, we will not be able to resist them. However, we do not need to fight the five regions, we are humans but Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and the rest are variant humans after all. The five regions are stronger than the two heavens, this is an obvious fact, why can't we join the five regions instead?"</p> 
<p>Night Heavenly Wolf Lord laughed: "Ye Zhi, you know me best, that is how I feel too. If we work with the variant humans, we will be considered spies of humanity. Even if the five regions do not want to attack us, if we ally with the variant humans, they will want to."</p> 
<p>Ye Zhi frowned: "But we cannot join the five regions. Firstly, Northern Plains of the five regions is impossible. Secondly, the other four regions might not welcome us. And finally, if we join them, we will be attacked by Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and the rest."</p> 
<p>Night Heavenly Wolf Lord sighed: "Indeed, that is why I made an agreement with Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven's Lady Cold Ash, we will advance and retreat together, we will combine the forces of the human grotto-heavens here. As for which region to join, in my opinion, Central Continent's Heavenly Court is the most appropriate. We can secretly contact them first."</p> 
<p>Night Heavenly Wolf Lord was an experienced leader, not only did he have rank eight cultivation level, he was shrewd in politics, nobody in Night Wolf grotto-heaven defied his rule.</p> 
<p>Since he made a decision, the Gu Immortals in Night Wolf grotto-heaven did not dare to raise objections.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Central Great Hall was finally repaired, Qin Ding Ling was currently the person taking charge.</p> 
<p>They failed to repair fate Gu, Heavenly Court had undergone an intense battle, the damage was huge, even now, many areas were still in ruins.</p> 
<p>"This is a humiliation!" Qin Ding Ling put aside the letter Gu as she rested temporarily. Her expression was calm but her eyes flickered with light, as memories surfaced in her mind, rage built up within her.</p> 
<p>After Red Lotus' goal was achieved, Duke Long died while fighting and Fang Yuan retreated rapidly. But the three regions' Gu Immortals wanted to destroy Heavenly Court, nobody backed off.</p> 
<p>At the moment of life and death, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable's method started to activate. All sorts of rage qi, unlucky qi, grief qi, and others plagued the three regions' Gu Immortals, their physical conditions weakened.</p> 
<p>This move was originally meant to deal with Fang Yuan, but Limitless Demon Venerable blocked it for him. After Red Lotus' plan succeeded, the battle between two venerables in Imperfection Regret Pavilion also concluded, with Limitless laughing as the two venerable silhouettes faded away. Without Limitless' power to restrict it, Primordial Origin's method started to work again.</p> 
<p>And the other good news was that even though Feng Jiu Ge turned on them, he only helped Fang Yuan to refine the Gu, he did not do anything against Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court was able to recover because of this and retaliate, maintaining their position in this difficult battle.</p> 
<p>The three regions' Gu Immortals had no choice, with Dragon Palace, Calamity Luck Altar, and Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building as their foundation, they retreated gradually.</p> 
<p>After leaving Heavenly Court, some people wanted to loot Central Continent but the first qi tide happened at this moment.</p> 
<p>The immortal apertures of the three regions' Gu Immortals became unstable, they had to leave.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court's Gu Immortals stopped chasing them, after witnessing Fang Yuan refine destiny Gu in front of them, their morale and fighting spirit had fallen.</p> 
<p>After the battle ended, Heavenly Court, which was greatly damaged, tried to reduce its losses and take care of the aftermath.</p> 
<p>Duke Long died while Fairy Zi Wei betrayed them for Spectral Soul, after Heavenly Court's Gu Immortals talked over it, they decided that Qin Ding Ling would be the new leader.</p> 
<p>During this period of time, Qin Ding Ling had been the one in charge, taking care of all the matters, big or small.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling had a plain expression but a fire was burning in her heart. The great Heavenly Court had actually lost, it was a complete loss! She was eager to make up for this humiliation, but logic told her to not act rashly. Because everything had changed, Heavenly Court was no longer the old Heavenly Court, the enemies were no longer the same, even the world had changed.</p> 
<p>After resting for a while, Qin Ding Ling continued to deal with the matters at hand.</p> 
<p>"Oh?" She held an information path mortal Gu as her expression changed slightly: "Night Wolf grotto-heaven?"</p> 
<p>Night Heavenly Wolf Lord was not willing to fight alongside the variant humans, he wanted to join the stronger side of the five regions. Among them, although Heavenly Court had lost this fight, it was still the number one human force for the last few million years.</p> 
<p>Night Wolf grotto-heaven had grudges with Longevity Heaven, in the five regions, only Heavenly Court had the foundation to stand up against the vicious Longevity Heaven members.</p> 
<p>In this information path Gu worm, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord also explained the ill intentions of the variant humans.</p> 
<p>"Hmph, those of other races have such motives! Once fate Gu got destroyed, these variant humans jumped out immediately." Qin Ding Ling snorted, deep killing intense rose in her heart.</p> 
<p>After calming down, Qin Ding Ling started to think about this situation.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling knew very little about Night Heavenly Wolf Lord and Night Wolf grotto-heaven. With just one information path Gu worm, she could not confirm if Night Heavenly Wolf Lord was really trying to sincerely join them, or if they were scheming against Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>"If this Night Heavenly Wolf Lord is sincere, how should we deal with Longevity Heaven and the variant human forces of the grotto-heavens?"</p> 
<p>Night Heavenly Wolf Lord talked about the history of his ancestor truthfully in the letter, he did not conceal the grudges they had with Longevity Heaven.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling was slightly troubled.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court was at an unprecedented level of weakness.</p> 
<p>Qi tides rampaged in the world, heaven and earth qi converged, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals who had phantom apertures were even more mobile than the Gu Immortals in black or white heaven.</p> 
<p>But Heavenly Court could not move them.</p> 
<p>Firstly, most of Heavenly Court's members had limited lifespan. Secondly, they had to reinforce Star Constellation's will.</p> 
<p>Thus, a portion of Heavenly Court's members had to enter the immortal graveyard to hibernate and help Star Constellation's will, to prevent her from being completely assimilated with heaven's will.</p> 
<p>But in that case, Heavenly Court's battle strength would be far lower.</p> 
<p>Thus, Qin Ding Ling could not make up her mind.</p> 
<p>"If only Fairy Zi Wei was still around." Qin Ding Ling sighed, the worry in her heart intensified.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan were enslaved by Spectral Soul, they left with him. The two of them knew a lot about Heavenly Court's secrets, together with the soul of a Demon Venerable, who could underestimate them?</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling thought about it for a while before feeling the severity of this situation, she decided to discuss it with Zhou Xiong Xin and the rest.</p> 
<p>Zhou Xiong Xin suggested: "This is an important matter, but the situation is not very clear now. The six Gu Immortals including Night Heavenly Wolf Lord are merely the rank eights of the black heaven above our Central Continent. What about the other four regions' black heaven? We do not know how many grotto-heavens there are, or how many rank eight Gu Immortals exist in these grotto-heavens. I am willing to go and investigate the two heavens myself!"</p> 
<p>Zhou Xiong Xin cultivated information path, he knew the importance of information.</p> 
<p>He had a phantom aperture and was not afraid of the heaven and earth qi convergence.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling agreed with his suggestion, she chose to continue keeping in contact with Night Wolf grotto-heaven while investigating the situation.</p> 
<p>Jun Shen Guang took out an information path mortal Gu, saying: "The list of names have been chosen, they are all Gu Immortal seeds with great talent and aptitude. Most importantly, they are loyal to Heavenly Court and the ten great ancient sects. But there is one person whom I need everyone's input and discussion on."</p> 
<p>Jun Shen Guang's list contained the names of many mortal Gu Masters, they were all exceptional geniuses.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court lost this battle and the immortal graveyard was even destroyed by Fang Yuan, everything had to be rebuilt from scratch. With the threat of the five regions chaotic war, Heavenly Court decided to nurture new Gu Immortals, disregarding the costs.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling received the Gu worm and looked into it.</p> 
<p>There were many names on this list: Immortal Crane Sect recommended Sun Yuan Hua, Spirit Butterfly Valley recommended Xiao Qi Xing, Ancient Soul Sect had Gu Ting, Heaven's Envy Manor had Wei Wu Shang... but at Spirit Affinity House's section, the list was empty without a name.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling sighed as her expression turned complex.</p> 
<p>She knew about the person Spirit Affinity House nominated, it had to be Feng Jin Huang.</p> 
<p>But after the battle over Fate, Feng Jiu Ge betrayed Heavenly Court and went missing, his daughter Feng Jin Huang ended up in an awkward position.</p> 
<p>She was originally Duke Long's disciple and the future Great Dream Immortal Venerable. But with the death of Duke Long and the destruction of Fate, she was no longer certain to be Great Dream Immortal Venerable.</p> 
<p>Zhou Xiong Xin's concern was: If Heavenly Court continued to nurture Feng Jin Huang and she betrayed them like her father, what would they do?</p> 
<p>Even though Feng Jin Huang was Duke Long's disciple, the disciple that he nurtured wholeheartedly spent a million years to plot and destroy Heavenly Court's fate Gu. Would his second disciple Feng Jin Huang also inherit this 'great tradition'?</p> 
<p>"We will talk about this again next time."</p>
    </body>
</html>
