<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2000: Might of the Demon Immortal</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2000: Might of the Demon Immortal</h1>
        
        <p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue!</p> 
<p>The mysterious Gu Immortal stated his own identity, the entire place went silent.</p> 
<p>The three sides' Gu Immortals were shaken. According to history, Demon Immortal Qi Jue was someone who had been evenly matched with Limitless Demon Venerable in battle at some point!</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai, who was inside Dragon Palace, frowned, he realized many things: "It seems that in my previous life, Demon Immortal Qi Jue failed to revive. Otherwise, there would not have been zero information about Demon Immortal Qi Jue's revival. There are two possible reasons, one is that fate Gu was not destroyed then, the second is that Spectral Soul succeeded in refining sovereign immortal fetus Gu, from all the signs known, he had already infiltrated Heavenly Court and gained complete control of the situation. He would not allow someone like Demon Immortal Qi Jue to revive."</p> 
<p>Thinking of this, Wu Shuai snorted coldly as he willed.</p> 
<p>Roar—!</p> 
<p>At the next moment, the Evil Dragon moved.</p> 
<p>Earlier, because of the countless qi currents obstructing it, the Evil Dragon was covered in injuries. But now that the whole of Qi Jue grotto-heaven was absorbed by Demon Immortal Qi Jue using an unthinkable method, the Evil Dragon regained freedom, it charged towards Demon Immortal Qi Jue with imposing aura again.</p> 
<p>Once it moved, wild winds started blowing.</p> 
<p>The Evil Dragon's colossal body was like a moving mountain range, engulfing heaven and earth.</p> 
<p>Forget about Demon Immortal Qi Jue's tiny child body, even the great Dragon Palace could not match the Evil Dragon's body.</p> 
<p>"Hehehe, come." Demon Immortal Qi Jue's vision was filled by Di Zang Sheng.</p> 
<p>He was not flustered, instead he smiled calmly.</p> 
<p>He did not dodge, he directly extended his small hand towards Di Zang Sheng.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Great Qi Grasp!</p> 
<p>With a loud sound, endless white qi currents shot out of Demon Immortal Qi Jue's body, forming a giant hand with five fingers.</p> 
<p>The hand was only the size of an Immortal Gu House at first, but it slowly inflated to the size of a hill. Three breaths of time later, the entire qi current hand had expanded to the size of the Evil Dragon's head.</p> 
<p>But the milky white qi current hand continued to grow!</p> 
<p>Di Zang Sheng had already reached it.</p> 
<p>Bam.</p> 
<p>The two sides collided, but out of everyone's expectations, Demon Immortal Qi Jue's qi current hand was easily destroyed in one move.</p> 
<p>Di Zang Sheng did not slow down, continuing to pursue Demon Immortal Qi Jue.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not dodge, he continued to face Di Zang Sheng casually.</p> 
<p>Di Zang Sheng only charged for a few seconds before slowing down, it growled loudly like it was in great pain.</p> 
<p>"My great qi grasp can form and scatter at will. It can grab mountains and seas if it takes form, but it can also invade organs when it scatters. How will you deal with it?" Demon Immortal Qi Jue stood arrogantly and said.</p> 
<p>The immortals were shocked.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue used one move to subdue Di Zang Sheng, he had true pseudo venerable battle strength!</p> 
<p>"Another demonic path expert!"</p> 
<p>"Sigh, with the destruction of fate Gu, the world will go into chaos."</p> 
<p>"Demon Immortal Qi Jue had died more than a million years ago, that source of chaos Fang Yuan gave him the chance to revive!"</p> 
<p>Inside Demon Judgment Board, Heavenly Court's immortals gritted their teeth, they had ugly expressions.</p> 
<p>After the fate war, the righteous path fell while the demonic path surged!</p> 
<p>Duke Long, who was the pillar that held up Heavenly Court, died, Feng Jiu Ge, whom they entrusted their hopes to, betrayed them, while Fang Yuan, who was the culprit behind the destruction of Fate, still remained scot-free!</p> 
<p>And now, there was this Demon Immortal Qi Jue.</p> 
<p>There were sad cries as Heavenly Court's Gu Immortals realized that the future of the five regions and two heavens became much bleaker now.</p> 
<p>They did not even think of recruiting Demon Immortal Qi Jue.</p> 
<p>Although in history, he had opposed Limitless Demon Venerable, there was also no possibility that he would ever join the righteous path.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue, just the demon in his name stated the obvious. After all, the saying goes: There are only wrong names, not wrong titles.</p> 
<p>"Xiao He Jian, what are you really up to? You created such a huge enemy for our two heavens alliance!" Within Dragon Palace, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch suddenly shouted.</p> 
<p>Xiao He Jian could not rebuke him, his face turned pale.</p> 
<p>He felt a lot of lingering fear but also relief. He was relieved that he joined the two heavens alliance, otherwise, with just himself, he would have become the sacrificial lamb of Demon Immortal Qi Jue's revival already.</p> 
<p>"This is a scheme, I am a victim too." Xiao He Jian voiced his innocence.</p> 
<p>"This is a scheme, Demon Immortal Qi Jue's scheme." At the same time, Wu Yong sighed within Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building.</p> 
<p>Luo Zu sighed deeply: "Demon Immortal Qi Jue is a qi path cultivator, but he actually predicted the events a million years into the future? What sort of level did he reach?!"</p> 
<p>Wu Yong frowned slightly, he looked through Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building towards Dragon Palace.</p> 
<p>He could understand Demon Immortal Qi Jue's arrangements, but he had some doubt in his mind, did Wu Shuai know about this secret?</p> 
<p>Now that Wu Yong recalled it, Wu Shuai had been controlling the Evil Dragon to create destruction all over the place, was it because he was straightforward and wanted to use brute force, or was he purposely trying to destroy Demon Immortal Qi Jue's arrangements?</p> 
<p>Evidently, it was because of the Evil Dragon's rampant destruction that Demon Immortal Qi Jue was revived ahead of time.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong was a formidable person with a sharp mind, the more he thought about it, the more he suspected Wu Shuai's actions.</p> 
<p>"It is possible that Wu Shuai knows about Demon Immortal Qi Jue's existence. After all, he has some sort of relationship with Fang Yuan, and Fang Yuan possesses Spring Autumn Cicada, it is not strange that he knows some secrets." Wu Yong thought of Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"Did Fang Yuan come here?" Inside Demon Judgment Board, Heavenly Court's Gu Immortals were guessing.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was a person who had been reborn, if he knew about the secret of Demon Immortal Qi Jue's revival, he might likely hide somewhere to make his move!</p> 
<p>Precisely because of this concern, Demon Judgment Board did not take action. Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building was also waiting for something to happen.</p> 
<p>But Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not want to let them off.</p> 
<p>"Today is the wonderful day I revived, come, come, let me see what methods the Gu Immortals of this current era have!"</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue had the appearance of a boy but his tone was that of a man proud of his experience, he actually attacked again.</p> 
<p>At once, milky white qi currents gushed out, filling the world with a tsunami, Heavenly Court, the Southern Alliance, and Wu Shuai's side were all enveloped.</p> 
<p>"Hmph! Old scoundrel Qi Jue, don't be too arrogant, we are not afraid of you, we are just wary that Fang Yuan might be hiding somewhere." Wu Yong spoke, using Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building to retreat immediately.</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng's voice resounded from Demon Judgment Board: "Precisely! Demonic path senior, even though you are famous in history, you cannot compare to the number one demon in the current world, Gu Yue Fang Yuan! This person destroyed my Heavenly Court's fate Gu, without him, you would not have revived."</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan? I will remember this name." Demon Immortal Qi Jue stretched his arms, qi currents shooting out rapidly: "But none of you will escape!"</p> 
<p>He was like a bottomless hole, constantly shooting out milky white qi currents.</p> 
<p>These qi currents were unique, ordinary immortal killer moves could not destroy them. At once, three rank eight Immortal Gu Houses fell into a predicament, their speeds fell drastically.</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai snorted, he controlled Dragon Palace to advance instead of retreating, attacking Demon Immortal Qi Jue.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue laughed loudly: "Good, someone with actual guts."</p> 
<p>A trace of smoke flew out of Dragon Palace.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Dreamy Light Smoke!</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not dodge it, he was hit by the smoke, instantly disappearing.</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai had a perplexed expression, he was like a fisherman spreading his web, he used all his strength to cast the web but in the end, he only caught some bubbles without any fish.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue's body appeared again, this time, he was far away.</p> 
<p>He looked at Dragon Palace deeply with an expression of wariness: "Good, I'll remember this."</p> 
<p>He gave up on Dragon Palace, he went to attack Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building and Demon Judgment Board instead.</p> 
<p>Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building emitted wild winds while Demon Judgment Board shot out powerful blood red lights, they both displayed their might.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue's moves were mostly grand and wide ranged, he managed to suppress the two Immortal Gu Houses.</p> 
<p>After more than ten rounds, bright light shined in his eyes as he shouted: "Good, good, good, to think that people have already created wind path and blood path, this is truly exciting. I did not waste my effort in arranging for my revival in this great era!"</p> 
<p>"Other than you people, who else is there in this world?" Demon Immortal Qi Jue asked.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong smiled coldly: "Ignoring anyone else, Eastern Sea has quite the formidable person. He also cultivates qi path, his battle strength is definitely higher than yours. He stays in qi sea, he calls himself Qi Sea Ancestor, he is the undisputed leader of the current Eastern Sea righteous path!"</p> 
<p>"Oh? There is a qi path cultivator? Back in my day, qi path was already declining, to think that it would still linger until today! Very good, it seems I will need to meet him." Demon Immortal Qi Jue laughed loudly in joy.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong continued: "Other than Qi Sea Ancestor, there is also a sound path demonic immortal named Feng Jiu Ge. He has also defeated the Evil Dragon in one move with much greater ease than you. In the battle earlier, he betrayed Heavenly Court openly and now his whereabouts are unknown, but Heavenly Court does not dare to release an arrest warrant for him."</p> 
<p>"Feng Jiu Ge? Good, I'll remember him. Anyone else?" Demon Immortal Qi Jue's eyes shined.</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai interrupted at this moment: "Get past us first, old man."</p> 
<p>As he said that, Dragon Palace flew over again.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue smiled lightly as he pointed: "Lower qi."</p> 
<p>Milky white qi currents gushed out and caused Dragon Palace to fall in altitude.</p> 
<p>At this time, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building carried a storm with it as it charged towards Demon Immortal Qi Jue.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue pointed another finger: "Upper qi."</p> 
<p>Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building was swept away by the qi currents, flying upwards uncontrollably.</p> 
<p>Demon Judgment Board arrived in front of him.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue stretched out two fingers as he pointed at this house: "Upper-lower breathless qi."</p> 
<p>Demon Judgment Board erupted with a loud sound as it stayed stationary in midair. The Gu Immortals inside had changes of expressions, the immortal essence that they tried to instill became choppy, this rank eight Immortal Gu House was like a dying old man who could not take proper breaths at this moment.</p> 
<p>"Juniors, I'm not going to play with you anymore. Go and spread the word, tell Fang Yuan, Qi Sea Ancestor, and Feng Jiu Ge that I will visit them soon. They can't hide from me."</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue had just said this when his figure vanished, he did not appear anymore.</p> 
<p>All of the immortals were wary now, after getting rid of the remaining milky white qi currents, they confirmed that Demon Immortal Qi Jue had truly left the scene.</p> 
<p>"Do we pursue him?" Someone within Dragon Palace asked.</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai snorted coldly: "Where did he go? Why don't you tell me?"</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortal who asked turned pale, he lowered his head, not daring to say another word.</p> 
<p>"Let's retreat." Wu Yong smiled, not forgetting to salvage the morale: "Even though we did not have much gains this time, fighting against someone like Demon Immortal Qi Jue is worth the trip after all."</p> 
<p>"Sigh! After Fang Yuan comes Demon Immortal Qi Jue, I really do not know which great expert will revive next!" Fang Zheng was filled with worries, he mobilized Demon Judgment Board to quickly leave the battlefield.</p>
    </body>
</html>
