<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2083: Lu Wei Yin&apos;s Invitation to Tea</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2083: Lu Wei Yin&apos;s Invitation to Tea</h1>
        <p><a epub:type="noteref" href="#n1"></a></p>
        <p>Gurgle gurgle!</p> 
<p>The tea was boiling and was letting out yellowish-brown strands of steam.</p> 
<p>In the small wooden cabin atop the mountain, experts that could influence the world were sitting in front of a small tea table.</p> 
<p>One was the number one demon in the current world — Gu Yue Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>The other was Southern Border's Paradise Earth inheritor Lu Wei Yin. His comprehensive battle strength might not reach pseudo venerable level, but his defensive prowess was enough to compete against a pseudo venerable.</p> 
<p>The fresh mountain air blew in from the open window, mixing with the fragrance of the tea.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan gazed afar, outside the window were tall mountains and clean rivers, looking like utopia. Cranes flew, apes shrieked, desolate beasts and plants were abundant and docile.</p> 
<p>There were treehouses and villages around the mountains, lots of commotion could be heard from chickens and dogs, there were columns of smoke rising from houses, it was a serene and tranquil atmosphere.</p> 
<p>In the sky, there were many floating mountains. These mountains were made from float soil and could stay in the sky, there were many specialties in each mountain, their environments varied. Some had long green vines that extended like hair. Some had drizzles and beautiful rainbows. Some had waterfalls with huge crashing torrents that gathered in huge pools.</p> 
<p>And this mountain that Fang Yuan was on stood majestically on the ground and was the tallest mountain in Mushroomman Paradise.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had just sat down when he asked Lu Wei Yin: Was Spectral Soul still alive?</p> 
<p>Lu Wei Yin only smiled and did not reply, instead concentrating on making tea.</p> 
<p>The tea was prepared.</p> 
<p>This was extreme serene mind tea, it was created with rank eight immortal materials. The tea fragrance was refreshing and seemed to be mixed with the smell of soil after rain.</p> 
<p>The tea, the location, and Mushroomman Paradise itself seemed to complement each other. Right now, they were not distant immortals who were high and mighty, but were instead experiencing the joy of an ordinary farmer's life and the tranquil state of mind.</p> 
<p>"Please." Lu Wei Yin handed the tea cup to Fang Yuan with both hands.</p> 
<p id="r1">The tea had been boiling hot just earlier, but in just a few breaths of time, the steam disappeared and the tea turned into cooled tea<a epub:type="noteref" href="#n1" role="doc-noteref">[1]</a>.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan took a sip, but Lu Wei Yin directly lifted the large bowl-sized cup and took huge mouthfuls.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's eyes shone, he gained some insight and copied Lu Wei Yin's drinking method.</p> 
<p>Gulp.</p> 
<p>His Adam's apple moved up and down as Fang Yuan took a large mouthful of tea.</p> 
<p id="r2">This time, Fang Yuan had a very different feeling. The tea was not ice cold, but there was a gentle coolness that seeped into Fang Yuan's organs and intestines. His internal heatiness<a epub:type="noteref" href="#n2" role="doc-noteref">[2]</a> was swept away, the tea was mellow and refreshing along with a trace of sweetness.</p> 
<p>Gulp, gulp, Fang Yuan finished the whole cup of tea.</p> 
<p>"Good tea." He had a peculiar expression when he placed the tea cup down.</p> 
<p>That one bowl of tea had added one thousand earth path dao marks in his body!</p> 
<p>When a Gu Immortal passes a heavenly tribulation, they would only obtain seven hundred and fifty dao marks. And earthly calamities normally gave two hundred and fifty.</p> 
<p>This extreme serene mind tea actually increased so many dao marks. It was akin to a Gu Immortal risking their life to pass a heavenly tribulation and an earthly calamity.</p> 
<p>Lu Wei Yin spoke slowly: "This Mushroomman blessed land received Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable's help and turned into a paradise, thereby being free from calamities and tribulations. Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable also left behind his Virtue true inheritance here, so this Mushroomman Paradise's name became Virtue Paradise."</p> 
<p>"Before Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable became venerable, he cultivated and studied in this place. When he became venerable, he changed this place into Virtue Paradise and lived here for some time. Lord Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable created extreme serene mind tea during this period of time."</p> 
<p>"Although food path was passed down, it was kept secretive by Spectral Soul and was almost never exposed to outsiders. Lord Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable spent his life mending the disaster caused by Spectral Soul and brought order to the chaotic world. Thus, he did a deep research on food path."</p> 
<p>"He left behind many of his food path gains in Virtue true inheritance. In his view, food path had huge potential but there were too few people cultivating it. If it was truly developed, it could bring fortune to the world. For instance, this extreme serene mind tea is essentially a food path killer move formed from expending rank eight immortal materials. So, it can add earth path dao marks."</p> 
<p>"The talent of a venerable is truly deep and unfathomable." Fang Yuan praised.</p> 
<p>Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable created the killer moves suffering loss is a blessing and all life is bitter to counter Spectral Soul's food path methods. These two methods played a crucial role during the ambush of Spectral Soul.</p> 
<p>But Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable did not stop here, he pushed food path to an even higher level!</p> 
<p>In the present five regions Gu Immortal world, almost all the tea and wine were incomplete food path Gu recipes. This was already acknowledged by Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Just drinking wine or tea was merely to delight the tastebuds and show off one's wealth, or maybe display the results of one's refinement path improvement.</p> 
<p>Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, however, completed this aspect and turned tea and wine into food path killer moves. Like this, food path finally showed its own unique splendor!</p> 
<p>"Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable's food path methods can change tea and wine into killer moves. After tasting the food, Gu cultivators can increase their dao marks. This is a method that can change the entire structure of the Gu Immortal world!" Fang Yuan realized.</p> 
<p>The influence of this method was enormous!</p> 
<p>In history, the main source of dao marks was to undergo tribulations.</p> 
<p>But this food path method broke away from this situation.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had eat strength Immortal Gu and could do this. But Immortal Gu were unique, while Paradise Earth's food path method could be learned and referenced to create a number of other similar killer moves.</p> 
<p>Eat strength Immortal Gu could not be popularized, but killer moves could be spread everywhere, these were two different concepts!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's gaze turned deep and dark.</p> 
<p>Just this extreme serene mind tea was enough to show Lu Wei Yin's deep accumulation and foundation.</p> 
<p>This Virtue Paradise had deep foundation and did not lack rank eight earth path immortal materials. Lu Wei Yin could simply use this tea to accumulate earth path dao marks beyond common sense.</p> 
<p>It was no wonder he could fight Spectral Soul.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan looked beyond the window once again and at this Mushroomman Paradise. His previous evaluation of this place was raised by several times.</p> 
<p>This food path method was extremely beneficial to Gu Immortal cultivation. Virtue Paradise had many Gu Immortals, these Gu Immortals' strength very likely surpassed other same ranked immortals.</p> 
<p>But, since the start, Lu Wei Yin had only moved around by himself and did not reveal these other Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>This person's shrewdness and patience made Fang Yuan have a different view of him.</p> 
<p>Sensing the deep meaning in Fang Yuan's gaze, Lu Wei Yin said modestly: "Fang Yuan, do not overestimate me and this Virtue Paradise. Although we have this food path method, the cost to use it is truly high. Virtue Paradise produces large quantities of earth path resources, but besides me, who cultivates earth path mainly, most of the Gu Immortals here are mushroommen and what they cultivate is poison path. There are also a few human Gu Immortals who cultivate wood path and water path."</p> 
<p>"This food path method's efficiency is not that high. For instance, this bowl of extreme serene mind tea used a large number of rank eight earth path immortal materials to only give several hundred earth path dao marks."</p> 
<p>"Of course, Fang Yuan, you have the sovereign immortal body which does not have conflicting dao marks, so your gains should be greater than normal."</p> 
<p>Lu Wei Yin concluded: "Even Lord Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable said in his last words that this food path method is not even worth mentioning when compared to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, Red Lotus Demon Venerable, and other venerables."</p> 
<p>Venerable methods were extremely majestic and could change the world.</p> 
<p>For instance, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable led humanity's uprising and founded Heavenly Court. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable created wisdom path and tricked heaven's will, setting the foundation for Heavenly Court to stand for countless years.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable left behind his bloodline and created Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, taking the whole of Northern Plains as his courtyard.</p> 
<p>Red Lotus Demon Venerable made arrangements that spanned over one million years to destroy fate Gu.</p> 
<p>Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable left behind his methods to create Divine Emperor City. The painting world developed and established the foundation of human path.</p> 
<p>These were all arrangements that influenced not only one generation, they would result in endless development throughout the whole world!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan frowned as he guessed something from Lu Wei Yin's tone.</p> 
<p>He directly asked: "Since Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable mentioned Genesis Lotus in his last words, did he already know Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable would create Divine Emperor City?"</p> 
<p>Lu Wei Yin nodded: "When Lord Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable roamed the world and saved lives everywhere, he got familiar with Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable's methods. Back then, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable left behind Divine Bean Palace to restrict Spectral Soul and to plot against him when he had yet to be a venerable. Qing Chou's core is hatred Gu which was formed through Divine Bean Palace, the relationship between Qing Chou and Divine Bean Palace is extremely close."</p> 
<p>"Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable's original plan was to merge Qing Chou, Divine Bean Palace, and Emperor City during the fate war to form Divine Emperor City and protect Heavenly Court."</p> 
<p>"However, a mishap occurred before this time. Fang Yuan, you collaborated with Fang clan to drive away Qing Chou and seized Divine Bean Palace. Even though Divine Bean Palace merged with Emperor City afterwards, it lacked Qing Chou."</p> 
<p>"Without Qing Chou, Divine Emperor City's strength was incomplete. The will of Genesis Lotus inside it probably wanted to protect the human path gains, so it did not participate in the fate war."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's expression was complex: "So it was like this."</p> 
<p>Genesis Lotus' plan was originally perfect.</p> 
<p>During the fate war, Qing Chou could sense the existence of Spectral Soul's damaged soul, it would possess rank nine hatred Gu and have pseudo venerable battle strength. Not only could it help Duke Long to guard Heavenly Court, it could even exterminate Spectral Soul's damaged soul.</p> 
<p>Unfortunately, Fang Yuan unintentionally destroyed this plan.</p> 
<p>Originally, Qing Chou had been nurturing hatred Gu inside Divine Bean Palace and strengthening itself. But after being driven away, this process was disrupted. Thereupon, during the fate war, Qing Chou did not have the expected battle strength and it was separated from Divine Bean Palace.</p> 
<p>When the fate war ended, Genesis Lotus' will contacted Qin Ding Ling, which was why Red Heart Traveler and Nine Spiritual Fairy collaborated and secretly moved to bring back Qing Chou to Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>So in fact, it was not Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable who plotted against Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan who first broke Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable's plan. This led Genesis Lotus' will to have no options left other than to appear suddenly during the fate war and modify his plan.</p> 
<p>So then, why was Fang Yuan willing to accept the alliance agreement and cooperate with Fang clan to drive away Qing Chou?</p> 
<p>The crucial key was great thief Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>After obtaining great thief Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan created great thief ghost hand with the rank nine killer move ghostly concealment as the core and the rank seven great thief Immortal Gu as a supplement, forcibly stealing rank eight Soul Beast Token from Qing Chou's body.</p> 
<p>Without Soul Beast Token, Qing Chou's strength fell sharply, which led to Fang clan's victory.</p> 
<p>And where did great thief Immortal Gu come from?</p> 
<p>It was obtained by Fang clan from their Thieving Heaven true inheritance.</p> 
<p id="n1" role="doc-footnote" epub:type="footnote">[1] This can be called herbal tea which is also literally cooling/cooled tea. <a href="#r1">Back</a></p> 
<p id="n2" role="doc-footnote" epub:type="footnote">[2] Chinese medicine theory which is resolved by consuming 'cooling' food or drinks. <a href="#r2">Back</a></p>
    </body>
</html>
