<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1992: Foundational Pillar of Human Path</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1992: Foundational Pillar of Human Path</h1>
        
        <p>People on the streets moved continuously, shops on both sides had bright signs and attractive banners.</p> 
<p>"Wow! This is the world inside the painting. It is incredible! Everything seems so real!" Sun Yao's body shook as her vision widened, after entering the painting, she could not help but shout in amazement.</p> 
<p>The surrounding people looked towards this young lady with perplexed gazes.</p> 
<p>But Sun Yao did not notice it, her eyes were wide open and shining as she looked around, filled with curiosity and excitement.</p> 
<p>Sun Yao was a Spirit Affinity House Gu Master, she was chosen as a Gu Immortal seed by the sect and was given much assistance.</p> 
<p>Spirit Affinity House's original nominee was Feng Jin Huang, but because of Feng Jiu Ge's betrayal, Qin Ding Ling hesitated.</p> 
<p>Spirit Affinity House thus changed their nominee, Sun Yao took over Feng Jin Huang's position.</p> 
<p>However, the sect's nurturing was different from what she expected. Spirit Affinity House only told Sun Yao about the background of this painting before sending her in.</p> 
<p>Sun Yao moved around the different shops on the streets, having a lot of fun.</p> 
<p>She had grown up in Spirit Affinity House, she only had senior brothers or sisters around her, they were all cultivators and according to the rules of the sect, they did not interact with the outside world very much.</p> 
<p>Everything that happened here was very exciting and interesting to her.</p> 
<p>She spent primeval stones to buy many sticks of candy, she ate them as she looked around.</p> 
<p>She saw paper-cutting artists in the alleys, where pieces of red paper were quickly transformed with scissors into life-like butterflies and flowers.</p> 
<p>She went into the theater to enjoy the opera, she saw the people with their painted faces, their exaggerated dresses, and their long, high-pitched singing.</p> 
<p>She stopped at a corner of the street and saw two strong men putting up a performance of smashing rocks on their chest.</p> 
<p>Suddenly, she was tapped on the shoulder.</p> 
<p>Sun Yao turned around and saw a young man, with a squarish face and an honest appearance.</p> 
<p>Before Sun Yao could open her mouth, this young man with an honest and righteous air smiled sheepishly and said: "Are you from the ten great ancient sects?"</p> 
<p>Sun Yao suddenly stared with wide eyes and exclaimed in surprise: "Senior brother, you too?"</p> 
<p>The young man then nodded his head and introduced himself with cupped fists: "I am Chen Da Jiang of Wind Cloud Manor."</p> 
<p>"So it's Senior Brother Chen!" Sun Yao was shocked, she returned the greeting in succession. Chen Da Jiang was the current generation number one disciple of Wind Cloud Manor, Sun Yao had already learned of his name before this.</p> 
<p>Sun Yao had the feeling of seeing a celebrity. When Chen Da Jiang had first gained fame, she was nothing more than a follower of Feng Jin Huang.</p> 
<p>Like Sun Yao, Chen Da Jiang was a recommended candidate from Wind Cloud Manor and was sent to the world of the painting.</p> 
<p>The two of them met in a strange place, and even though it was only the first time they met, there was a natural closeness between them.</p> 
<p>"Senior Brother Chen, I wonder what other arrangements the sect has made by sending us here for training." Sun Yao inquired.</p> 
<p>Chen Da Jiang shook his head: "I don't know anything about that either. I originally thought that by entering here, I would be able to get guidance on the next step of my cultivation. I didn't expect that the sect would not have any arrangements."</p> 
<p>The two of them had a fruitless conversation and decided to travel in companionship.</p> 
<p>"Give me some food, please, our mother hasn't eaten for three days."</p> 
<p>"Please give some money, please help us."</p> 
<p>"My father is gone, I am selling myself to raise money for his funeral, I beg for your help!"</p> 
<p>The two wandered aimlessly into a street, but all they saw were starving people, there were many yellow-skinned people leaning on the corner wall. Many people were begging, cupping their hands or holding up broken bowls.</p> 
<p>Pedestrians on the street, on the other hand, were in a hurry and avoided them, rarely stopping to give alms to anyone.</p> 
<p>"How is this happening? They are just two streets apart." Sun Yao was greatly surprised when she saw this scene.</p> 
<p>Chen Da Jiang analyzed: "This is the painting world of Divine Emperor City. Every major scene that happened in the history of Emperor City is merged into one painting. It looks like this is what happened in Emperor City during one of the famine disasters of history."</p> 
<p>Sun Yao couldn't help but overflow with sympathy: "Senior Brother Chen, even though they are only people in the painting and not real existences, they are so pitiful, I still want to help them."</p> 
<p>Chen Da Jiang was impressed by Sun Yao's words, he smiled readily: "This might sound funny, but I also have the same idea. Why don't the two of us act together?"</p> 
<p>"Awesome!" Sun Yao jumped at the chance and agreed to do so.</p> 
<p>The two of them contributed money and effort, not only giving out primeval stones, but also purchasing porridge, buns, and other food to deliver to these beggars.</p> 
<p>"Kind people!"</p> 
<p>"Thank you, benefactors, we will never forget your act of kindness."</p> 
<p>"Benefactors, please allow me to follow you two in return for your kindness!"</p> 
<p>The people in distress were grateful and appreciative.</p> 
<p>Just then, a shrill voice cut in: "What are you guys doing?"</p> 
<p>When Sun Yao and Chen Da Jiang turned their heads, they saw a Gu Master wearing a white robe with a jade belt at his waist, his posture was as straight as a sword, an air of arrogance could be felt between his brows as he walked towards them.</p> 
<p>"So it's Brother Xiao Qi Xing of Spirit Butterfly Valley!" Chen Da Jiang greeted with cupped fists.</p> 
<p>Sun Yao gasped, Xiao Qi Xing was also a well-known figure, she said in a panic: "Spirit Affinity House's Sun Yao greets Brother Xiao."</p> 
<p>Xiao Qi Xing sized up Sun Yao: "Are you the candidate of Spirit Affinity House this time? It seems that Feng Jin Huang has indeed been suppressed, this is not surprising at all, her father has openly betrayed Heavenly Court, this outcome is only natural."</p> 
<p>As soon as this was said, Sun Yao frowned: "Senior Sister Feng wouldn't care about these things."</p> 
<p>"Hehe, she is indeed arrogant. Pity, what a pity, a fallen phoenix is worse than a chicken." Xiao Qi Xing revealed a mocking smile: "You guys are actually helping these beggars again? They're not real people, why are you doing this for?"</p> 
<p>"No reason, we just feel like helping them." Chen Da Jiang smiled.</p> 
<p>"Hehe, sympathy..." Xiao Qi Xing shook his head in disdain: "That means you don't know the importance of this journey, you're wasting your time here!"</p> 
<p>"Oh?" Chen Da Jiang's eyes lit up: "What does Brother Xiao know?"</p> 
<p>Xiao Qi Xing looked at Chen Da Jiang: "There is no harm in telling you, this painting world is so vivid because it is the effect of Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable's contented lifestyle killer move. We were all nominated by our sects to be trained by Heavenly Court and sent here for further nurturing. As I'm sure you've noticed, there are also Gu Masters cultivating here, but they cultivate mainly human path."</p> 
<p>"What the sect wants is for us to cultivate human path. We will strive to ascend to become immortal using human path as our main path. Although this world is not real, the cultivation of human path is not fake. All the human path Gu worms we get from here can also be taken outside and used."</p> 
<p>"So that's how it is!" Sun Yao's eyes widened but soon she expressed some doubt: "But why didn't the sect tell me?"</p> 
<p>Chen Da Jiang, on the other hand, simply asked: "Where did Brother Xiao learn about this inside information?"</p> 
<p>Xiao Qi Xing smiled slightly, he puffed out his chest and said proudly: "Even Spirit Butterfly Valley has not informed me of this inside information, I had gone to ask my great grandfather to find out."</p> 
<p>Chen Da Jiang nodded understandingly, seeing that Sun Yao was still puzzled, he explained: "Brother Xiao has a noble status and a wealth of knowledge, his great grandfather is Lord Gu Immortal Xiao Bai Hong."</p> 
<p>"Oh, so that's how it is." Sun Yao's gaze towards Xiao Qi Xing changed again.</p> 
<p>"Alright, I have to head to the military base now and join the city guards. I've already investigated it, only city guards can get soldier Gu, sergeant Gu, lieutenant Gu, captain Gu, and others. These human path Gu worms are very useful, they can build a strong foundation in our human path cultivation. We should go together, we can take care of each other." Xiao Qi Xing suggested again.</p> 
<p>But Chen Da Jiang shook his head, "Brother Xiao, go first, I'm not done helping the beggars here."</p> 
<p>Xiao Qi Xing looked at Chen Da Jiang and nodded: "You're still the same as before, so what about you?"</p> 
<p>He looked at Sun Yao.</p> 
<p>Sun Yao hesitated and shook her head as well: "No, Senior Brother Xiao, I... I plan to help Senior Brother Chen."</p> 
<p>"Haha." Xiao Qi Xing laughed as he showed a smile with deep meaning: "Then I will not disturb the two of you in your good work."</p> 
<p>He left straight away, laughing coldly in his heart: "These two idiots have no idea what kind of opportunities they are missing out on!"</p> 
<p>Xiao Qi Xing could not help but recall the words that his great grandfather had instructed him: "Oh Qi Xing, this trip into the painting world is an unimaginably great opportunity. If possible, you can even inherit Genesis Lotus' true inheritance and become the Lord of Divine Emperor City. You must do your best to grasp this opportunity! Remember, you must hurry up. You are only the first batch of candidates, Heavenly Court will also arrange for some rank six Gu Immortals to enter next. These people are also elites that Heavenly Court is focusing on nurturing, but the qi tides have not settled yet and they are all still resting and recuperating."</p> 
<p>"After you enter the painting world, you will have to race against time and try to establish an early advantage so that you can deal with those Gu Immortal opponents in the future. Don't be afraid, these Gu Immortals can only follow the rules in the painting world. Inside it, immortals and mortals are basically equals."</p> 
<p>Xiao Qi Xing's heart beat rapidly every time he recalled these words.</p> 
<p>This was an unparalleled opportunity, of course he wanted to grasp it!</p> 
<p>Sun Yao and Chen Da Jiang did not know the inside story, so Xiao Qi Xing wanted to coax them to help himself out. It was a pity that these two actually wanted to do good deeds, they were really not qualified to work with him. Xiao Qi Xing saw through this and was unwilling to waste precious time and energy on them.</p> 
<p>"We brought steamed buns and porridge, eat slowly and don't choke." Sun Yao placed a bowl of porridge and steamed buns in front of Shen Shang.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang was still covered in injuries and resembled a beggar, sitting in the shade at the corner like a stone statue.</p> 
<p>Sun Yao also did not pay attention to it, after all, there were many such silent beggars. She did this to help others, not for the sake of listening to some words of gratitude and praise.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang's eyes contained bright light as he looked at Sun Yao who was close to him, and also at the back of Xiao Qi Xing, who was about to disappear in the distance of the street.</p> 
<p>"These people are all Heavenly Court's Gu Immortal seeds. In order to face the tides of the great era, Heavenly Court has made long-term plans."</p> 
<p>"Xiao Bai Hong is too shortsighted and doesn't even know that he has harmed his own great-grandson. Sun Yao and Chen Da Jiang were previously kept in the dark, but now, although they learned some of the inside story, they still upheld their nature and acted according to their desires. These two will definitely benefit greatly if they continue."</p> 
<p>Shen Shang thought to himself. Although these three people were transmitting their conversations, they could not hide it from a character like Shen Shang.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang sighed in his heart.</p> 
<p>"Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable's arrangement is truly vast and grand, I really admire him."</p> 
<p>"In history, the greatest human path true inheritance is \&lt;\&lt;The Legends of Ren Zu\&gt;\&gt;. Even though this book seems shallow, it is profound to the limit, only a small group of people can actually comprehend its true essence and create human path killer moves."</p> 
<p>"However, to establish a path, these killer moves are too few and rare, they are like the moon beyond the clouds, normal people cannot reach them. Even though human path has such great potential, it has no foundations set upon it, it is unable to develop until now."</p> 
<p>"But Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable created this painting world, he used the scenes of the mortal world for the past million years to derive the foundations of human path. He is making an immense contribution towards the development of human path! He is truly the foundational pillar of human path."</p> 
<p>"The human path developments here are also very helpful to me. I wonder what happened when I was in a state of madness, how did I end up in here?"</p> 
<p>"It is a pity I cannot contact Fang Yuan's Fang Di Chang clone. What is happening over on his end?"</p> 
<p>Shen Shang was the one who had previously collaborated with Fang Di Chang and successfully unraveled the venerables' human path methods, adding a significant weight to tilt the balance of the battle in the fate war.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang knew that Fang Di Chang had refined Divine Bean Palace before, he had a large level of authority over it. If they could collaborate once again, it would benefit both of them!</p>
    </body>
</html>
