<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2297: Unified Essence, Yi Qi Zi</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2297: Unified Essence, Yi Qi Zi</h1>
        <p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s words made Fei Wu shook intensely as he showed an expression of gratitude: ”Ancestor is wise! The so-called Fei tribe’s internal conflict was just our disguise to the outside world. The truth is, if not for that beast tide, how could our united Fei tribe be wiped out?”</p>
<p>“Back then, I expended countless immortal material resources but I did not use up Fei tribe’s foundation. Afterwards, when we developed in the fierce area, I even took away Yi Qi Zi which was deep within it!”</p>
<p>“However, legendary immemorial beast Yi Qi Zi had already recovered to a great extent, it was not unconscious. We fell for its ploy and ended up being exterminated by the beast tide.”</p>
<p>“But in the end, our Fei tribe did our best to retaliate, Yi Qi Zi did not succeed after all. Its will was completely eradicated by us!”</p>
<p>“It is a huge pity!”</p>
<p>“If Yi Qi Zi did not ruin our plan, my Fei tribe would have dominated Northern Plains with an unceasing quantity of immortal essence stones. We will become the number one Huang Jin tribe and to a certain extent, rival Heavenly Court!!”</p>
<p>After hearing this, Yao Huang stared with wide eyes as he asked consecutive questions.</p>
<p>“Yi Qi Zi?”</p>
<p>“Isn’t that a legendary immemorial desolate beast which appeared in the earliest history of humanity? Legend says that it was killed by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, how can it still be alive?”</p>
<p>“An unceasing source of immortal essence stones? Senior, did you unravel the mystery behind Heavenly Court’s production of immortal essence stones?”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was silent as he listened. If reviving Fei Wu would get him immortal essence stones, it was not significant enough. However, his luck inspection showed that Fei Wu was very useful to him.</p>
<p>Within Blood Sea, Yao Huang was getting more excited, he clasped his fist with his palm and said: ”Good, Senior Fei Wu has woken up right on time. As long as we have this way to produce immortal essence stones, we can raise our reputation and catch up to Heavenly Court. This is definitely a great chance now that Heavenly Court has stopped distributing immortal essence stones. Once we take over, it will cause everyone to have a deep impression of Longevity Heaven beyond Heavenly Court!”</p>
<p>The more Yao Huang spoke, the happier he got.</p>
<p>“Heavenly Court stopped distributing immortal essence stones? That’s because they can’t produce it anymore.” Fei Wu was still kneeling on the ground, but he raised his upper body and said with a snicker, he was certain about the reason.</p>
<p>“Oh? Get up and talk, tell me about it clearly.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable descended upon Blood Sea, he arrived before Fei Wu.</p>
<p>“Yes.” Fei Wu bowed deeply again before getting up: ”I will explain from the start.”</p>
<p>Fei Wu explained slowly: ”Everyone knows that in this world, primeval energy is infinite, spirit springs produce primeval stones, but nobody has never found an immortal spring that can produce immortal essence stones.”</p>
<p>“Wild Gu, be it mortal or immortal, can absorb primeval energy to activate their abilities. But once they are refined, the Gu worm will be someone’s possession, they will lose the ability to use primeval energy. They will only be able to use primeval essence or immortal essence.”</p>
<p>“This primeval essence and immortal essence includes both the owner and others. If a Gu worm is lent out, the Gu worm can still use others’ primeval essence or immortal essence. For example, an Immortal Gu House can use the stored immortal essence of Gu Immortals inside.”</p>
<p>“What is the root cause of all these?”</p>
<p>“According to my research, the reason is that be it primeval essence or immortal essence, both contain our human will. Wild Gu contain heaven’s will, they are a product of heaven and earth, thus, we say that Gu is the essence of heaven and earth. Once we refine Gu worms, the heaven’s will inside will be purged, replaced by our human will.”</p>
<p>“As a result, the Gu worm becomes privately owned and the human will does not get acknowledged by the heaven’s will of the outside world. Thus, the Gu can no longer absorb external primeval energy.”</p>
<p>“If lent to others, the human will inside the Gu worm will acknowledge others so they can use their own primeval essence or immortal essence to activate it.”</p>
<p>“Different immortal essence contain different human, thus, they can cancel each other out. This is why many rank six Gu Immortals fail to succeed when they invade blessed lands that are already owned.”</p>
<p>Yao Huang was confused: ”What does this have to do with immortal essence stone production?”</p>
<p>“Don’t be anxious, listen to what I am saying, it will make sense soon.” Fei Wu waved his hand and smiled.</p>
<p>“Our aperture produces primeval essence while our immortal aperture produces immortal essence, they all contain our human will. Then, do primeval stones and immortal essence stones not have a will in them?”</p>
<p>“They do!”</p>
<p>The primeval stones that spirit springs produce are essentially reinforced primeval essence that contains heaven’s will. It is just that the primeval stones contain too little heaven’s will, it is common to ignore it. However, the heaven’s will often sneaks into our minds while we absorb primeval stones to influence our thoughts. This is one way that heaven’s will use to control us!”</p>
<p>“It is a pity that most Gu cultivators in the world are attracted to the effect of restoring primeval essence through primeval stones, they do not notice this issue.”</p>
<p>“Even if they do, they don’t care about it. Heaven’s will is just like air, it is everywhere, so it is quite normal to have some in primeval stones.”</p>
<p>“The immortal essence stones that Heavenly Court gives out are the same as primeval stones in that they also contain heaven’s will.”</p>
<p>“Why does Heavenly Court give out rank six immortal essence stones?”</p>
<p>“It is actually a huge scheme by Heavenly Court!”</p>
<p>“During Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s era, Heavenly Court purposely gave out immortal essence stones. These immortal essence stones reached the hands of the variant human Gu Immortals and were used by them. This allowed heaven’s will to infiltrate them.”</p>
<p>“Back then, heaven’s will sided with humanity which would rise to take the position of the variant humans.”</p>
<p>“By Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s era, she became one with the Dao and gained the ability to distort heaven’s will, greatly influencing it. The distribution of immortal essence stones became even more widespread. When Gu Immortals use these immortal essence stones, they will be infiltrated by heaven’s will, allowing Heavenly Court to influence and control them!”</p>
<p>Yao Huang heard his words as his mouth opened slightly: ”So that’s it? Can we copy Heavenly Court to distribute immortal essence stones and achieve the same effect for our Longevity Heaven?”</p>
<p>Fei Wu shook his head: ”Unless we can assimilate with the Dao like Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to alter heaven’s will.”</p>
<p>Yao Huang was anxious now: ”Even if we can’t achieve the same effect, as long as we have an unceasing supply of immortal essence stones, we can still use it to Longevity Heaven’s benefit. Senior Fei, how can we produce immortal essence stones?”</p>
<p>Fei Wu waved his hand again: ”No rush, no rush, listen to my story.”</p>
<p>“When we produce primeval essence, our human will and aperture are needed. When we produce immortal essence, our human will and immortal aperture are needed. To produce primeval stones, we need heaven’s will and spirit springs. What about immortal essence stones?”</p>
<p>Yao Huang blinked: ”Do we also need heaven’s will and immortal apertures or immortal springs to create immortal essence stones?”</p>
<p>Fei Wu shook his head: ”Many rank eight Gu Immortals who are not confident of passing a tribulation will annex an immemorial nine heavens fragment. From then on, the immortal aperture will turn into a grotto-heaven, it will be located at one place while the rank eight Gu Immortal will be like a caged bird unable to leave the immortal aperture again. These grotto-heavens contain heaven’s will, there is also an immortal aperture, so why can’t immortal essence stones be produced?”</p>
<p>“As for heaven’s will and immortal springs? This is something that people have been speculating about Heavenly Court, they think that Heavenly Court obtained the only immortal spring in the world. But the truth is, this is not true. There is no such thing as an immortal spring in the world.”</p>
<p>Yao Huang sighed: ”Senior Fei, stop beating about the bush.”</p>
<p>Even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable commented: ”Tell us directly.”</p>
<p>Fei Wu did not dare to defy Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, he sighed regrettably and said: ”Then I’ll cut to the chase.”</p>
<p>“According to my research, the essence of a spirit spring is just an ordinary heaven path resource point. Within it, there are heaven path, water path, and earth path dao marks, because of the heaven’s will, the spring water can produce solid primeval stones.”</p>
<p>“The Heavenly Dao seeks balance of the myriad beings, it will not produce a resource like immortal essence stones naturally. Immortal essence is the most fundamental resource, without it, no Immortal Gu can be used by people. Meanwhile, the widespread distribution of immortal essence stones has greatly raised the chances of surviving calamities and tribulations, this can only be caused by people.”</p>
<p>“However, the process cannot avoid heaven’s will. Only through the injecting of heaven’s will can there be immortal essence stones produced. This is an impossible loop.”</p>
<p>Fei Wu accurately pointed out that heaven’s will was the most crucial element in producing immortal essence stones.</p>
<p>But it was impossible to make heaven’s will do this voluntarily as it violated the rules of the Heavenly Dao.</p>
<p>But nothing was absolute.</p>
<p>In history, Heavenly Court succeeded.</p>
<p>During Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s era, he used the special trait of Yi Qi Zi to produce immortal essence stones.</p>
<p>During Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s era, Yi Qi Zi suicided but she assimilated with the Dao and altered heaven’s will, allowing it to work with Heavenly Court to produce immortal essence stones.</p>
<p>“So, what is the special trait of Yi Qi Zi? Since it suicided, how did it revive?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable asked the most important question.</p>
<p>Fei Wu immediately answered: ”Yi Qi Zi is not its full name, its actual name is Unified Essence Yi Qi Zi. It is a very special legendary immemorial desolate beast, somewhat similar to Di Zang Sheng which appeared later in the future.”</p>
<p>“When a Gu Master undergoes immortal ascension, there is a crucial step to draw in heaven and earth qi to mix with one’s human qi and balance all three.”</p>
<p>“If the balancing of three qi succeeds, the qi lump will condense and become smaller until it reaches the limit. This qi lump is known as the Qi of Unified Essence.”</p>
<p>“This is the root cause of the creation of Unified Essence Yi Qi Zi! As long as there are Gu Masters undergoing immortal ascension in the world, they will produce the Qi of Unified Essence, even if it is destroyed, it can be reborn!”</p>
<p>“Initially, during the immemorial era, it was granted intelligence by a beastman great expert. Thus, it gained an immortal aperture and rose in strength, becoming a legendary immemorial beast.”</p>
<p>“When Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable challenged the various variant human races, Yi Qi Zi fought against the Immortal Venerable and lost, getting captured. But to the outside world, Primordial Origin declared that it was killed.”</p>
<p>“Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable held Yi Qi Zi captive and used it to produce immortal essence stones.”</p>
<p>“Yi Qi Zi lost its freedom, unwilling to give in, it tried all ways to escape. No matter what it tried to do, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable still foiled its plans. After him, Star Constellation took over. She was even more skilled at planning and was extremely perceptive, Yi Qi Zi had no choice but to suicide out of despair.”</p>
<p>“This is the reason why he suicided in Heavenly Court.”</p>
<p>Yao Huang did not understand it: ”So how are they still producing immortal essence stones?”</p>
<p>Brilliance shone in Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s eyes, he muttered: ”So that’s it.”</p>
<p>At this moment, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable finally understood why destined birth through luck revived Fei Wu.</p>
<p>This was because his revival would give Giant Sun Immortal Venerable a way to replenish his immortal essence!</p>
<p>This was more useful and beneficial to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable than rank nine light Gu.</p>
<p>But luck path itself was an uncertainty.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could ensure that positive variables happened to benefit him, but he could not control the exact situation as that would involve controlling certainty.</p>
    </body>
</html>