<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2096: Wu Ji Chooses Her True inheritance</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2096: Wu Ji Chooses Her True inheritance</h1>
        
        <p>Southern Border, Wu clan headquarters.</p> 
<p>"Quick, quick, bring me the white king head flower herb." Wu clan's rank six Gu Immortal Wu Zhen Zhu called out with an anxious tone.</p> 
<p>She was controlling the formation, her thoughts were focused on it at the crucial moment, she could not distract herself.</p> 
<p>Thankfully, there were a few rank five Gu Masters assisting her, hearing these words, they quickly got to work.</p> 
<p>White king head flower herb was a rank six immortal material, it was tossed into the immortal formation.</p> 
<p>This immortal formation of Wu clan was famous in history, it was called dead sea life retrieval formation. It originally belonged to an Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortal, but after this Gu Immortal came to Southern Border and provoked Wu clan, they got killed instead.</p> 
<p>Dead sea life retrieval formation was a healing immortal formation but the core Immortal Gu was only rank seven. That Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortal was indeed a rank eight Gu Immortal but before dying, all of their Immortal Gu were destroyed.</p> 
<p>Wu clan spent a hundred years to finally refine the relevant Immortal Gu, managing to set up this dead sea life retrieval formation again.</p> 
<p>Wu Ji and the rest had died on Yi Tian Mountain, the reason why they were able to revive was mostly because of fate Gu's destruction, and also due to the effect of this dead sea life retrieval formation.</p> 
<p>As the formation slowly stopped, light faded as Wu Ji woke up in the formation with a pale expression.</p> 
<p>"It seems that I revived again!" Wu Ji smiled lightly, she wanted to get up but her body was too weak, she only succeeded after three tries.</p> 
<p>"You should relax a little, Wu Ji. This is the fifth time this month." Wu Zhen Zhu came to Wu Ji as she frowned deeply.</p> 
<p>Wu Ji smiled indifferently: "Don't we have this formation? Even if I die, I can revive."</p> 
<p>Wu Zhen Zhu scoffed: "Don't think so highly of Gu Immortal methods. Wu Ji, do you know that you almost died earlier, you managed to revive because of the dead sea life retrieval formation. But this method has less and less effect as a person uses it continuously, you are playing with your life! You have a good future, why don't you care a bit more about yourself, at this rate, you will die for real!"</p> 
<p>Wu Ji raised her brows as her eyes shined brightly: "I'm someone who has died before, what is there to fear about death? Precisely because I had died before, I treasure life even more now."</p> 
<p>Wu Zhen Zhu rolled her eyes in anger: "This is considered treasuring your life? Since you already obtained Sheng Tian true inheritance from Kong Sheng Tian, you can give it to the clan already, why did you still go after him relentlessly? Why did you not retreat even against the attacks of everyone?"</p> 
<p>Wu Ji laughed loudly: "This is how I treasure my life. After dying once, I reassessed my own life, how should people live? Everyone has their own answer. This is my answer, the duration of life does not matter as much as the value of the life that is being lived."</p> 
<p>"Even though I am not a Gu Immortal, I know about your circumstances. Lady Zhen Zhu, why do you think Gu Masters want to become an immortal so badly? After becoming an immortal, there will be countless calamities and tribulations, wouldn't they be courting death? How many Gu Immortals have died from tribulations? Don't they know the danger? Aren't they continuing to face danger head on because they want to obtain the true meaning of life?"</p> 
<p>"In this great era, if I do not advance bravely, I will be letting down heaven for giving me this life, I will be wasting my second chance. I, Wu Ji, want to become immortal, I want to see things at a greater height, I want to gain more strength. This is the meaning of my life."</p> 
<p>After hearing Wu Ji's words, a complex expression appeared on Wu Zhen Zhu's face.</p> 
<p>She actually had high expectations of this junior Wu Ji, therefore she came to talk to her. But after talking, she found that she failed to convince Wu Ji, instead, she became the one who was convinced.</p> 
<p>"Since you have decided this, I have nothing else to say." Wu Zhen Zhu sighed.</p> 
<p>Wu Ji had a sincere expression as she bowed: "Lady Zhen Zhu, junior will remember the concern that you have shown to me."</p> 
<p>Saying so, another Gu Immortal appeared: "Hahaha, Wu Ji, I heard your words earlier. As expected of the number one Gu Immortal seed of Wu clan, you did not shame our reputation."</p> 
<p>"Wu Zhan Ping, you came here for..." Wu Zhen Zhu asked but she had a guess in her heart, she was quite happy for Wu Ji.</p> 
<p>Wu Zhan Ping nodded at Wu Zhen Zhu as he looked at Wu Ji: "I am Wu clan's supreme elder in charge of guidance, Wu Ji, you have sufficient cultivation level and merit, I am tasked to guide you along the road of becoming an immortal!"</p> 
<p>Wu Ji took in a deep breath, she clenched her fists unconsciously. This moment had finally arrived, she had been looking forward to it for a long time.</p> 
<p>Wu Zhan Ping said solemnly: "Wu Ji, you are a senior of the mortal Wu clan, after being the clan leader for many years, you know of many Gu Immortal secrets. Our Wu clan cultivates many paths, we are most proficient in wind path, it is the reason why we are at the top of Southern Border's Gu Immortal world, our status is immovable."</p> 
<p>"You can choose other paths too, we have almost all paths in our inventory, but I have a suggestion for you!"</p> 
<p>Wu Zhan Ping had heard Wu Ji's words earlier, he liked this junior and was willing to say more things.</p> 
<p>Wu Ji quickly replied: "Please teach me senior, I will listen."</p> 
<p>Wu Zhan Ping continued: "Rather than choosing a path, it is more like you are choosing a true inheritance. Our Wu clan has the strongest wind path true inheritance, our first supreme elder Lord Wu Yong also cultivates wind path, he uses the strongest wind path true inheritance in Wu clan as well. However, there are many wind path cultivators, competition is very steep, I would not recommend you to choose it."</p> 
<p>"Right now, Wu clan has two true inheritances that even us Gu Immortals feel desire towards, it is only that our paths have been set, changing it has too high of a cost. During normal times, we might have the opportunity to do that, but with the turbulent era now, chaos is everywhere, it is the best opportunity for you juniors."</p> 
<p>Wu Zhen Zhu heard this, she agreed and said with happiness: "This means that first supreme elder is really taking out these three true inheritances to nurture our Wu clan's descendants?"</p> 
<p>"Indeed, Lord Wu Yong has incredible foresight and magnanimity, everyone in Wu clan holds him in high regard." Wu Zhan Ping praised from the bottom of his heart, he told Wu Ji: "There are three true inheritances of high value that even us Gu Immortals want, I will list them for you, choose wisely."</p> 
<p>"The first true inheritance is called Corpse Emperor true inheritance. He was a Southern Border rank eight Gu Immortal who turned himself into a zombie when his lifespan was near its end, hence the title. Corpse Emperor was in the demonic path, he was ruthless and vicious, causing super forces to join up and attack him. He died during the battle and his immortal zombie body turned into a corpse mountain upon his death. This mountain is hundreds of meters tall, zombies roam all over the mountain, it produces transformation path zombie Gu and qi path corpse qi Gu."</p> 
<p>"Back then, Southern Border's Zombie Alliance wanted ownership of this mountain and offered a high price to buy it from us to use as their headquarters, but we rejected them. Right now, it seems like our decision was right. Zombie Alliance was a front of Shadow Sect, but that's not our issue now. The point is that with the shift of the era, a true inheritance appeared on Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian, which is this Corpse Emperor true inheritance."</p> 
<p>"This is a rank eight enslavement path true inheritance, Wu Ji, if you choose it, Wu clan will definitely nurture you well. An enslavement path Gu Immortal can fight a group on their own, the problem with enslavement path is the huge amount of resources needed, but Wu clan can help you with it. The only downside is that this true inheritance lacks Immortal Gu."</p> 
<p>Wu Ji considered it for a while before shaking her head: "Enslavement path is not my style, Immortal Gu are also hard to refine, I am not skilled in Gu refinement. It is too hard to cultivate this true inheritance well, even with the clan's help, I will not choose it."</p> 
<p>"Alright, then onto the next one." Wu Zhan Ping continued to speak: "This true inheritance is a soul path true inheritance, it has a greater origin, it concerns Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!"</p> 
<p>"This true inheritance is called seven-seven profound soul true inheritance, the most amazing method is to raise soul beasts and nurture them into seven-seven profound soul birds. Once a seven-seven profound soul bird is created, it is almost impossible to kill. Even if they were gravely injured, as long as one of them is still alive, they will reappeared in a short time. Even though this true inheritance also lacks Immortal Gu, it is able to bypass that and nurture soul beasts instead, the cultivation journey will be easier."</p> 
<p>Wu Ji shook her head: "Even though soul beasts are strong, I dislike it. I cultivate my own body, raising soul beasts is like becoming a nanny, it does not suit me."</p> 
<p>Wu Zhan Ping frowned slightly: "Choosing a true inheritance is not child's play, Wu Ji, consider it well before making a decision."</p> 
<p>"Indeed." Wu Zhen Zhu also nodded: "Be it Corpse Emperor true inheritance or the seven-seven profound soul true inheritance, they are extremely rare, Wu Ji, you need to treasure this opportunity."</p> 
<p>Wu Ji was unmoved: "Immortals, thank you for the advice, may I know what the third true inheritance is?"</p> 
<p>Wu Zhan Ping: "The third true inheritance is the Sheng Tian true inheritance you retrieved. The person who left this true inheritance behind is famous in Gu Master history, he is called Kong Sheng Tian."</p> 
<p>"Kong Sheng Tian had qi escape Immortal Gu, this Gu is incredible, it was once fourth place on the List of Mystical Gu. But in recently years, because of the number one demon in the world, Gu Yue Fang Yuan, Spring Autumn Cicada received public recognition and got elevated to the third mystical Gu, causing qi escape Gu to fall in ranking."</p> 
<p>Speaking of Gu Yue Fang Yuan, Wu Zhan Ping and Wu Zhen Zhu showed complex expressions.</p> 
<p>Wu Ji could acutely sense that these two Gu Immortals' breathing became slightly disoriented.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had once disguised as Wu Yi Hai and made his way into Wu clan, even someone as intelligent and perceptive as Wu Yong fell prey to his acting. But Wu clan was no longer qualified to take revenge on him, over the course of the fate war and the pursuit over Fang Yuan afterwards, even the variant human battle that happened in Eastern Sea recently cemented Fang Yuan's throne of the number one demon in the world, nobody could topple his status.</p> 
<p>Not wanting to continue talking about Fang Yuan, Wu Zhan Ping got back to the topic: "Kong Sheng Tian was a qi path Gu Immortal, he was most skilled at movement methods. The qi path movement killer move that he created back then was named Kong Sheng Tian, it is incredibly powerful. If you obtain this true inheritance, you will move unhindered in the world, you will always have the initiative."</p> 
<p>"This true inheritance was retrieved by you after all, it could be said you are fated for it. But the Immortal Gu in the true inheritance are likely in the hands of that Kong Ri Tian now."</p>
    </body>
</html>
