<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2264: Where There’s Life, There’s Hope</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2264: Where There’s Life, There’s Hope</h1>
        <p>Sitting on a deserted mound, Fang Di Chang was still as a rock.</p>
<p>Ever since the two heavens merged, there was no longer day or night, in place of that was a mix</p>
<p>of black and white in the sky.</p>
<p>Thus, different areas had different intensity of brightness.</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang was currently in the darkness, he looked at the empty mound expressionlessly,</p>
<p>it was a barren desert with no vegetation in sight.</p>
<p>But because of the fusion of two heavens, this huge desert was split into two areas, one was</p>
<p>bright while the other was dark.</p>
<p>This was tassel desert, a super resource point of Fang clan.</p>
<p>Every year, at a certain period, earth roots would grow here like grass or willow branches, they</p>
<p>were soft but durable.</p>
<p>The earth roots were long or short, they ranged from mortal materials to rank eight immortal</p>
<p>materials.</p>
<p>At peak growth, the earth roots would cover the entire tassel desert, when wind blew, looking</p>
<p>from above, it would seem like a huge sea made of earth roots, the waves would look grand and</p>
<p>impressive.</p>
<p>This was Fang clan’s number one resource point, it was the pride of all Fang clan Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>But now, it was being sold to Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Once this transaction was done, it would never be returned, this was farewell.</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang had a plain expression but his heart was like this desert, it was barren and cold.</p>
<p>Fang Gong flew over from afar, he landed on the barren mound and stood beside Fang Di</p>
<p>Chang.</p>
<p>“I knew you were here.” Fang Gong sighed.</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang, who was seated, suddenly had a twisted expression as he clenched his fists:</p>
<p>“Fang Yuan did this on purpose!”</p>
<p>“I’m afraid he has known about Wan Gu Chou all along, but he did not say it and caused our</p>
<p>clan to suffer a huge loss!”</p>
<p>Fang Gong was stunned.</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang continued: ”Even if he did not know about Wan Gu Chou, he concealed the</p>
<p>secret that he could revive our clan’s Gu Immortals! As long as he mentioned it, even if he</p>
<p>vaguely hinted it, I would have known.”</p>
<p>“If I had known that venerables are able to easily revive Gu Immortals, I would be on guard</p>
<p>against a threat like Wan Gu Chou!”</p>
<p>“In fact, we might have exchanged for that forgotten sorrow Immortal Gu earlier, if we could</p>
<p>defend against Wan Gu Chou’s killer move, we would not have lost, the alliance against Wan</p>
<p>clan would have succeeded!”</p>
<p>Towards the end, Fang Di Chang was basically screaming his lungs out.</p>
<p>He was right.</p>
<p>Back then, the situation was hanging on a thread.</p>
<p>The battle between Fang clan and the alliance against Fang clan was very close.</p>
<p>If they knew about Wan Gu Chou, Fang clan would not sent all six Immortal Gu Houses to</p>
<p>attack Myriad Age Building, Wan Gu Chou’s killer move had a limited range after all.</p>
<p>But at that time, Fang clan did not know about this information, they pressured Wan clan’s</p>
<p>members to try to obtain the greatest benefit.</p>
<p>“Alright.” Fang Gong smiled bitterly: ”Since it has already happened, second supreme elder, no</p>
<p>need to ponder upon it. We do not have Spring Autumn Cicada to return to the past.”</p>
<p>“Earlier, when Heavenly Court revived Gu Immortals, they were all their members. Everyone</p>
<p>guessed that their revival had something to do with their contributed immortal apertures.</p>
<p>Furthermore, because Fang Yuan nearly destroyed the entire immortal graveyard, it is very hard</p>
<p>to deduce Wan Gu Chou’s revival.”</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang had a cold expression: ”No, it is Fang Yuan, everything is caused by Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>He is the greatest mastermind behind everything.”</p>
<p>“I have woken up now!”</p>
<p>“Our Fang clan wanted to destroy the anti-Fang alliance, it was not something Heavenly Court</p>
<p>wanted to see, but Fang Yuan did not like that either.”</p>
<p>“If our Fang clan obtains victory, we will no longer attack the other super forces.”</p>
<p>“And in this current situation, we need to urgently move and sell our resource points to Fang</p>
<p>Yuan in exchange for Immortal Gu and also to revive Gu Immortals.”</p>
<p>“Now, what will we do?”</p>
<p>“Without resource points and the ability to provide for ourselves, we can only rely on Fang Yuan</p>
<p>increasingly!”</p>
<p>“We can only invade other super forces’ resource points and exchange them to Fang Yuan for</p>
<p>Immortal Gu and other cultivation resources.”</p>
<p>“Our Fang clan has become his vanguard, we are his bandits to loot Western Desert.”</p>
<p>“And this Gu Yue Fang Yuan is still staying in Eastern Sea, he is the high and mighty Great</p>
<p>Love Immortal Venerable!”</p>
<p>“He will declare to everyone that he is not interfering in Western Desert’s affairs. All of the vile</p>
<p>reputation will be shouldered by my Fang clan alone. He, Gu Yue Fang Yuan, has a clean</p>
<p>reputation!”</p>
<p>“Hehehe... hahaha...”</p>
<p>“What Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance? What Great Love Immortal Venerable?”</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang raised his head up and laughed in a pitiful tone of mockery.</p>
<p>His eyes were reddened, his hair was messy, the light of tears flickered in his eyes.</p>
<p>“First supreme elder Fang Gong, think about it, don’t you feel that Wan clan’s first supreme</p>
<p>elder died too peculiarly?”</p>
<p>“With his death, our Fang clan only has one route to take.”</p>
<p>“This is Fang Yuan, he is covered in a false human skin, but he is a vile beast that devours</p>
<p>everyone with no hesitation.”</p>
<p>“I hate him, I am truly hateful.”</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang gritted his teeth.</p>
<p>“I hate that my Fang clan got too involved with Fang Yuan.”</p>
<p>“I hate those Eastern Sea super forces who are too weak and meek, they let Fang Yuan rule</p>
<p>over them so easily!”</p>
<p>“However, the one I hate most is myself!”</p>
<p>“To think that I am a wisdom path Gu Immortal, not only did I fail to expose Fang Yuan’s</p>
<p>schemes, I caused our entire clan to become his pawns!”</p>
<p>“We were manipulated and toyed around by him!”</p>
<p>“I am the greatest sinner of Fang clan...”</p>
<p>Saying so, Fang Di Chang knelt on the ground, his head was lowered to the ground as he</p>
<p>punched the soil below him and cried out loud.</p>
<p>This proud wisdom path Gu Immortal had not lost his composure for over a hundred years, he</p>
<p>was crying so pitifully now.</p>
<p>Fang Gong sighed as he sat down beside Fang Di Chang.</p>
<p>“How could I have not been suspicious about the peculiar death of Wan clan’s first supreme</p>
<p>elder?”</p>
<p>“But even if this is Fang Yuan’s scheme, what can we do?”</p>
<p>“Do we have evidence?”</p>
<p>“Hehe.” Fang Gong smiled in a weak and powerless way: ”Even if we have evidence, what can</p>
<p>we do to Heaven Refining Demon Venerable?”</p>
<p>Fang Gong placed his arm on Fang Di Chang’s shoulder: ”Don’t lose your cool, second</p>
<p>supreme elder, you are the strategist of Fang clan. If the other Fang clan Gu Immortals see this,</p>
<p>what will they think? What will happen to Fang clan’s morale?”</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang gritted his teeth and stopped crying.</p>
<p>He sat upright and moved shoulder to shoulder with Fang Gong.</p>
<p>Fang Gong continued to speak: ”I feel hatred too, I hate Heavenly Court, I hate Wan clan, I hate</p>
<p>Fang Yuan, and I hate you. But similarly, I hate myself the most!”</p>
<p>“As the first supreme elder of Fang clan, I actually lost to Wan Gu Chou’s killer move. I am like a</p>
<p>dog that ran away pitifully, I cannot do anything.”</p>
<p>“My fist is so weak, my body is as fragile as glass.”</p>
<p>“Fang Di Chang, you are not the first supreme elder, I am!”</p>
<p>“Who is to blame for Fang clan’s current situation?”</p>
<p>“Nobody has committed a greater mistake than me!”</p>
<p>“If death can atone for my sins, I will immediately suicide in front of the anti-Fang alliance. But</p>
<p>that will not happen! We know the truth behind the righteous path, if Fang clan loses the only</p>
<p>rank eight like me, those people will be even more ruthless.”</p>
<p>“I need to live, I need to raise my fist and show a firm expression, I need to live with my chest</p>
<p>held high!”</p>
<p>“That is how I can help Fang clan, I want to make compensations for my sins.”</p>
<p>“I want to atone for my sins through actions!”</p>
<p>“I don’t want to be the greatest sinner of our clan, I don’t want our clan to end by my leadership!”</p>
<p>“Do you understand this? Fang Di Chang!”</p>
<p>Fang Gong screamed.</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang gritted his teeth, he started at Fang Gong: ”Of course I understand!!”</p>
<p>Fang Gong stood up and looked at tassel desert as well as the sky, he said: ”Today’s tassel</p>
<p>desert is like the moving rock crevice of back then. We must learn from the first generation Fang</p>
<p>clan immortal ancestor and face our difficulties head on.”</p>
<p>“What is our homeland?”</p>
<p>“It is not these resource points, but ourselves.”</p>
<p>“Where there’s life, there’s hope.”</p>
<p>“You are right.” Fang Di Chang also stood up as he showed a determined expression: ”Our</p>
<p>Fang clan still has hope!”</p>
<p>Immemorial two heavens.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s huge mountain-like body charged towards two Heavenly</p>
<p>Court Gu Immortals, Jun Shen Guang and Che Wei.</p>
<p>As qi tides blew, a formless pressure enveloped Jun Shen Guang and Che Wei.</p>
<p>“Oh no, why did he come to us?” Jun Shen Guang frowned tightly.</p>
<p>Che Wei sighed: ”Even if Spectral Soul Demon Venerable is not sane now, we are not his</p>
<p>match. Retreat!”</p>
<p>“But these stars were lured here after so much hard work, and this heavenly veil was given to us</p>
<p>by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.” Jun Shen Guang gritted his teeth, in the end, he also</p>
<p>chose to retreat.</p>
<p>The three headed thousand armed Spectral Soul Demon Venerable growled and raised</p>
<p>hundreds of thick black arms that were the size of ancient trees, he slashed at the space before</p>
<p>him.</p>
<p>With continuous cracking sounds, the empty space in the sky was torn apart, as if a huge veil</p>
<p>was shredded into pieces.</p>
<p>And within the veil, there were countless huge stars.</p>
<p>Bam bam bam...</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable charged into the field of stars, along the way, all of the stars</p>
<p>that touched his huge body were destroyed, he even used his arms to crushed many of the</p>
<p>stars he saw.</p>
<p>The two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals saw that their hard work was being destroyed, they felt</p>
<p>extremely angry.</p>
<p>But thankfully, stars scattered and flew away, the senseless Spectral Soul Demon Venerable</p>
<p>only managed to destroy a small portion of them.</p>
<p>Che Wei and Jun Shen Guang discussed among themselves, they decided to keep the</p>
<p>heavenly veil and bring all of the remaining stars to Central Continent.</p>
<p>After all, this was a mission handed out by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>“This is a heavenly veil?” Shen Shang suddenly appeared.</p>
<p>Che Wei’s and Jun Shen Guang’s expressions sank at once, they became very alert. Shen</p>
<p>Shang displayed pseudo venerable battle strength in Crazed Demon Cave, he was a huge</p>
<p>enemy to these two.</p>
<p>Shen Shang also collected some of the heavenly veil, he looked at Spectral Soul Demon</p>
<p>Venerable who was causing destruction to the stars and smiled at the two Heavenly Court</p>
<p>immortals: ”Can you tell me what Heavenly Court is collecting these stars for?”</p>
<p>Che Wei’s and Jun Shen Guang’s expressions became grim.</p>
<p>Shen Shang continued: ”So be it if you don’t tell me. Since you are using the heavenly veil to</p>
<p>collect the stars, you must be trying to act secretly, you don’t want to be disturbed.”</p>
<p>“In that case, I will take the heavenly veil and expose your actions to the public.”</p>
<p>Che Wei snorted coldly: ”Shen Shang, don’t go overboard. Fang clan’s outcome is also the</p>
<p>outcome of all those super forces who joined Fang Yuan! Your Shen clan’s good days are</p>
<p>coming to an end.”</p>
<p>Shen Shang squinted: ”I won’t trouble you with my Shen clan’s affairs. But what I do know is</p>
<p>that your good times are ending now!”</p>
<p>“Retreat!” Jun Shen Guang spoke while Che Wei acknowledged the decision.</p>
<p>Shen Shang chased and forced these Heavenly Court immortals to retreat before he returned</p>
<p>and stored the collected heavenly veil.</p>
<p>“The heavenly veil is an extremely precious heaven path immortal material, it is best if I</p>
<p>contribute this to Alliance Leader Fang Yuan!”</p>
    </body>
</html>