<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2072: Easily Creating Killer Moves</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2072: Easily Creating Killer Moves</h1>
        
        <p>Fang Yuan began to create compound killer moves once again.</p> 
<p>His divine sense was inside the sovereign immortal aperture, observing all sorts of mortal Gu.</p> 
<p>He casually took out two wind path Gu worms from them.</p> 
<p>Rank one clear wind wheel Gu and rank two jade wind wheel Gu.</p> 
<p>When the former was activated, it would create a light green cyclone below each of the Gu Master's feet and increase their movement speed.</p> 
<p>The latter was one of the possible advancements of clear wind wheel Gu. It could form a pair of jade green cyclones which circulated around the Gu Master's arms like armbands, and could increase the Gu Master's punching speed.</p> 
<p>"I currently lack movement abilities in a large fight, why not use this as a base to create one?" Fang Yuan had an inspiration and fell into contemplation.</p> 
<p>Ever since he fought the Qi Sea clone in immemorial two heavens, he had been thinking of this aspect.</p> 
<p>Although it was a show to trick Eastern Sea's righteous path and the variant human alliance, Fang Yuan had truly fought with the Qi Sea clone.</p> 
<p>If it were not real, how could there have been such terrifying phenomena? That fight had even cracked the sky and caused the powder of the heavens to scatter down!</p> 
<p>In this friendly spar, Fang Yuan had used all kinds of killer moves, most of them put up an excellent performance. Even the worst ones were at ordinary level, at least their performance was up to par, there was neither surprise nor disappointment.</p> 
<p>This spar made Fang Yuan understand his deficiency. Although he had already created many compound killer moves, they were mostly offensive or defensive methods, he lacked movement killer moves.</p> 
<p>The two wind path Gu worms gave Fang Yuan an inspiration.</p> 
<p>In his conceptualization, when he activated the wind path Gu worm, two cyclones would condense below his two feet and they would continuously rotate like two wheels. As long as some time passes, the wheels would rotate increasingly faster and thus increase Fang Yuan's speed continuously.</p> 
<p>"Let me see how many wind path Immortal Gu I have."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had very few wind path Immortal Gu on him, but the large battle earlier provided him many wind path Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>The variant human alliance members also had some.</p> 
<p>If it was still not enough, Fang Yuan could also extort the whole of Eastern Sea's righteous path and demand wind path Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had too many options!</p> 
<p>Soon, Fang Yuan obtained several wind path Immortal Gu from his subordinates and they were all of rank seven level.</p> 
<p>After pondering over it and trying out many wind path Immortal Gu as well as referencing wind path killer moves, the initial form of Fang Yuan's wind path killer move was created.</p> 
<p>After the first activation, two cyclone wheels formed under both feet which could move the Gu Immortal's body.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan frowned slightly after testing the killer move, he felt its greatest flaw.</p> 
<p>Although this killer move would become increasingly faster, its initial speed was too slow and it would need some time for it to show even a slight improvement.</p> 
<p>How to improve it?</p> 
<p>This was actually a common issue with wind path killer moves. Be they a gentle wind or fierce gale, they both needed some time to reach their strongest state.</p> 
<p>But there were naturally many methods to push their strength to the maximum at the very start. If one's wind path attainment level was high enough, the killer moves could be modified to be extremely exquisite. They could also sacrifice a lot of time to prepare the killer move in advance and let it erupt at once. It was also possible to expend much more immortal essence to increase the strength.</p> 
<p>However, Fang Yuan threw these methods to the back of his mind!</p> 
<p>Because those were all ordinary solutions.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan targeted fire path instead.</p> 
<p>Fire path's explosive strength was far beyond wind path. Based on just burst potential, fire path was at the top one or two among all paths.</p> 
<p>After choosing several suitable fire path Immortal Gu, this compound killer move's modification was completed!</p> 
<p>"Let's name it fire-wind wheel." Fang Yuan casually chose a name.</p> 
<p>The killer move fire-wind wheel had burst speed and could also become increasingly faster, the crucial points were that it consumed little immortal essence and also did not need much mental control.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan tried it once again and was rather satisfied with it. Fire-wind wheel was a rank seven killer move, but was at an extraordinary level that trampled upon at least seventy percent of all existing killer moves!</p> 
<p>However, it would be a different situation if this killer move were in the hands of other Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Almost no Gu Immortal with a clear mind would use it. Based on just the internal friction between wind path and fire path, this killer move's practical results were lowered to rank six level.</p> 
<p>Expending immortal essence for a rank seven killer move but getting rank six effect. This killer move would be lower than low grade in other Gu Immortals' evaluation.</p> 
<p>This was the advantage of over three thousand heaven path dao marks.</p> 
<p>It greatly reduced the internal friction between different dao marks, giving hope to many killer moves in Fang Yuan's hands.</p> 
<p>Most importantly, the difficulty of deducing compound killer moves had fallen greatly for Fang Yuan!</p> 
<p>If they were ordinary Gu Immortals who primarily cultivated wind path and were to conceptualize a killer move like fire-wind wheel, they definitely would not foolishly choose to use fire path Immortal Gu as another core. At most, they would use some other paths' low rank Immortal Gu as supplementary, and the quantity would be few as well.</p> 
<p>The most common result would be to use countless fire path mortal Gu to reduce the internal friction as much as possible. But with this, the killer move would include too many Gu worms; the difficulty of its activation would soar, the concentration required would increase, and the overall value of the killer move would also fall.</p> 
<p>For a killer move to be practical, there could not be too many Gu worms, the immortal essence burden could not be too heavy, the effect had to be good, and there could not be an obvious flaw.</p> 
<p>So, creating a killer move was an extremely difficult project!</p> 
<p>But for Fang Yuan, he could conceptualize compound killer moves with not only dual cores, but three cores, four cores, and more. Wind path did not have burst potential, so he casually chose fire path.</p> 
<p>Single path killer moves had limited space for modification.</p> 
<p>Compound killer moves were even more so, because they had to consider internal friction, which caused the number of compound killer moves in history to be far fewer than single path killer moves.</p> 
<p>Single path killer moves had always been orthodox, they were the most mainstream!</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan's current situation was completely different.</p> 
<p>Because of the great reduction in internal friction, he had much more room than ordinary Gu Immortals when creating and modifying killer moves. In his situation, the more paths there were in this world, the lower the difficulty of conceptualizing killer moves!</p> 
<p>Because of this, Fang Yuan could rapidly create a large amount of compound killer moves in a short period of time.</p> 
<p>He had countless Gu recipes and killer moves, so even if his wind path and fire path attainment levels were not high, he could find references and easily conceive a killer move like fire-wind wheel!</p> 
<p>When he sparred with the Qi Sea clone before, Fang Yuan used killer moves like sword feather bladewing, heartache crying blood, thunder note stream, and refinement butterfly. They were only a small portion of the outstanding ones in his collection.</p> 
<p>Three thousand heaven path dao marks might be few but they truly opened up a brand new world for Fang Yuan!</p> 
<p>Since ancient times, countless heroes and experts had only lightly dabbled in this new world. They could only explore a few steps before they were forced to halt helplessly.</p> 
<p>But with the help of heaven path dao marks, Fang Yuan made over ten steps, or even one hundred steps, easily obtaining an unprecedented achievement.</p> 
<p>"Heaven path is all-encompassing and emphasizes balance of all beings, it is truly wondrous beyond words!" Over the next few days, Fang Yuan secretly created and modified compound killer moves, while leading Qi Sea Ancestor and Wu Shuai to clean up every grotto-heaven.</p> 
<p>Most of the qi harvest fruits of the variant human alliance members were devoured by Qi Sea Ancestor, while some were left behind to grow in the grotto-heavens.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan annexed three rank eight grotto-heavens: transformation path Grand Swine grotto-heaven, time path Time Difference grotto-heaven, and rule path Novelty grotto-heaven.</p> 
<p>The three grotto-heavens were rich in resources and had deep foundations. They were located on the nodes of heaven veins and had been taken care of by heaven's will for many years.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan made ample arrangements. He split up these three grotto-heavens and placed them all over the sovereign immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>For instance, Grand Swine grotto-heaven's two super resource points were rolling fall cliff and pin tree snowfield.</p> 
<p>Rolling fall cliff was home to a large number of desolate beast jumping pigs. These desolate beasts did not know how to walk and could only jump. When they grew to a certain size and their bodies were fattened enough, they would move to the tallest cliff and jump down.</p> 
<p>A majestic waterfall flowed down the cliff. The water of the waterfall was boiling, containing endless fire path and water path dao marks, creating hot steam all year round.</p> 
<p>When jumping pigs jump into the boiling waterfall, ten percent of them would die from the corrosion of fire and water path dao marks, while the remaining ninety percent would receive severe burns as well as bone fractures from the fall, barely surviving.</p> 
<p>But as long as these jumping pigs survive, they would breakthrough to become deadly fat pigs!</p> 
<p>Deadly fat pigs were not desolate beasts, their life essence had broken through to another level, becoming ancient desolate beasts.</p> 
<p>Rolling fall cliff had an impressive number of deadly fat pigs and jumping pigs. The scale of the deadly fat pigs produced every year was number one in five regions and two heavens!</p> 
<p>And pin tree snowfield was home to grand swines. The grand swine was an immemorial black pig, even its bones were black. Its body was as large as a mountain and its movement was slow.</p> 
<p>Pin tree snowfield was extremely vast. Fang Yuan put it in Mini Northern Plains, increasing the area of Mini Northern Plains by twenty percent.</p> 
<p>There were over five hundred grand swines of all sizes and ages.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had all of a sudden become the largest pig farm owner in the world!</p> 
<p>As for Time Difference grotto-heaven and Novelty grotto-heaven, they each had one super resource point.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's sovereign immortal aperture had suffered severe losses due to the myriad tribulation. But annexing these three grotto-heavens immediately showed an improvement, the development of the grotto-heaven even increasing to twenty-five percent!</p> 
<p>This development was slightly higher than before the myriad tribulation.</p> 
<p>Previously, the sovereign immortal aperture only had one super resource point, it was Dang Hun Mountain which produced guts Gu. Next was the dragonfish resource point, which Fang Yuan had invested a lot into and grown to a giant resource point.</p> 
<p>On one hand, Fang Yuan's management of the sovereign immortal aperture involved seizing grotto-heavens like Hei Fan grotto-heaven and Qi Sea grotto-heaven, but how could these two grotto-heavens have the security of the variant human alliance's grotto-heavens! Heaven's will was even taking care of the latter.</p> 
<p>On the other hand, Fang Yuan's management also included creating eerie fire dragon python, sand gull soil, and Five Light Mountain. They were all at the initial phase and the investment in them was also little, their growth could not compare to the resources in the variant humans' grotto-heavens.</p> 
<p>Finally, Fang Yuan also focused on raising humans and variant humans but did not put his energy in investing resources on them.</p> 
<p>After annexing, the follow-up arrangements were extremely diverse and numerous, Fang Yuan handed these to the humans and variant humans in the immortal aperture to deal with.</p> 
<p>He started on refining the heaven path dao marks contained in these grotto-heavens!</p> 
<p>As for Qi Sea Ancestor, he returned to Qi Sea.</p> 
<p>Xia clan's surviving Gu Immortals were all in qi sea and cried tears of joy when they saw Qi Sea Ancestor.</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor was still alive, this was the greatest news!</p> 
<p>Eastern Sea's large and super forces had sent representatives to station in qi sea. The moment they received this news, they also let out sighs of relief.</p> 
<p>Without Qi Sea Ancestor, they simply had no way to deal with Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"This defeat is my fault." Qi Sea Ancestor took the responsibility, "Cough cough cough."</p> 
<p>"Don't say that, Ancestor! It was my Xia clan who conceived the plan to attack the variant human alliance."</p> 
<p>"Sigh, I am too ashamed to face those comrades who died in combat..." Qi Sea Ancestor looked up and sighed, his eyes were slightly red.</p> 
<p>"Qi Sea Ancestor, please heal your injuries for now. Tell us whatever resources you need, the whole of Eastern Sea will support you with all our strength!" Eastern Sea's Shen clan Gu Immortal spoke, other super forces' representatives also nodded with no objection.</p> 
<p>Under everyone's gaze, Qi Sea Ancestor coughed a mouthful of blood and sighed: "The important thing now is not my injury. Many of those in the two heavens who sided with me still have the qi harvest fruit problem in their grotto heavens. I need to get rid of these qi harvest fruits first!"</p> 
<p>The immortals were immediately moved, the eyes of many Gu Immortals of the two heavens turned wet with tears.</p> 
<p>"Qi Sea Ancestor, you are truly worthy of being the role model of Eastern Sea's righteous path!"</p> 
<p>"Lord Ancestor, we, the two heaven's Gu Immortals, will follow your lead without question!!"</p>
    </body>
</html>
