<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2324: Primordial Origin’s Grand Revival Plan</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2324: Primordial Origin’s Grand Revival Plan</h1>
        <p>“Do what you want.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s words almost froze the atmosphere between the two venerables.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan could not help but laugh in ridicule: ”Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, you are truly the Immortal King of Heavenly Court, this is truly the number one super force, the leader of humanity — Heavenly Court!”</p>
<p>His eyes narrowed as his expression turned solemn: ”This is not normal, even if it was just for my mere clone, even if this is Qi Sea... Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, what is your true intention?!”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not speak, her figure flashed like starlight and disappeared from the entrance.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s expression was dark and his eyes shone coldly as some anxiety showed itself on his face.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan turned around and flew down from spectral heaven, arriving in Central Continent and entering the battlefield.</p>
<p>He was trying to take the Heavenly Court members as captives but these Gu Immortals had already suicided.</p>
<p>They could revive in Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard.</p>
<p>With the destruction of fate Gu, there was a huge potential in the method of suicide and revival.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court had complete methods. On one hand, the Gu Immortals had phantom apertures, when they died, the phantom apertures returned, their losses were minimized. On the other hand, when the Gu Immortals suicided, their Immortal Gu could be transferred through treasure yellow heaven.</p>
<p>Now, this had already become a mature and excellent battle tactic of Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Under the same cultivation level, stopping a Gu Immortal from escaping was extremely difficult. At the very least, one needed immortal formations or immortal battlefield killer moves to trap the target.</p>
<p>To prevent a Gu Immortal from suiciding was much more difficult than stopping them from escaping.</p>
<p>What could they do about if the other wanted to die?</p>
<p>But, with Zhan Bu Du and Wu Shuai pinning them down, some Gu Immortals were still stuck in the battle.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s main body descended, bringing complete despair to these Central Continent Gu Immortals. He directly waved his sleeve and suppressed all of these Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>He did not kill them and only took them as captives.</p>
<p>He captured over ten Central Continent Gu Immortals but there was not even one member of Heavenly Court; naturally, these captives included Li Xiao Bai.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not show any movement, Fang Yuan’s expression became increasingly unsightly.</p>
<p>He thought for a bit and flew towards Fei He Mountain.</p>
<p>Central Continent’s Fei He Mountain was the base of Immortal Crane Sect, this mountain was not only a super resource point, the public blessed land of Immortal Crane Sect was also located on it.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was currently at the center of the star array calculation formation and the nearest super force was Immortal Crane Sect.</p>
<p>But when he arrived at the location of Fei He Mountain, this floating mountain range had disappeared.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s expression turned darker, he then moved northwest towards Myriad Dragon Dock.</p>
<p>Myriad Dragon Dock was the same as Immortal Crane Sect, both belonged to the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent. Myriad Dragon Dock’s headquarters blessed land was on the island at the heart of dragon lake.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan arrived here, dragon lake and the central island were still around but the public blessed land was empty.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan went to Heavenly Lotus Sect, Spirit Butterfly Valley, Ancient Soul Sect, Heaven’s Envy Manor, Wind Cloud Manor, Combat Immortal Sect, Spirit Affinity House, and Black Heaven Temple, but all their headquarters were empty.</p>
<p>Clearly, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had already planned to give up on Central Continent and had made sufficient preparations to bring away the sect members.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Within Qi Sea Ancestor’s mind.</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor could not move, his thoughts were also being suppressed by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s method.</p>
<p>But Qi Sea Ancestor put up his final resistance with the remaining will in his mind: ”Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, you are really a good schemer.”</p>
<p>During this period of imprisonment, Qi Sea Ancestor already understood the situation.</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing’s sword qi killer move was extremely effective on him; first, it was because the sword qi was concealed and also had qi path dao marks, Qi Sea Ancestor was not able to detect it with the vast qi currents surrounding him at that time.</p>
<p>But analyzing the situation deeper, Qi Sea Ancestor was certain that the main culprit ware the sword path dao marks!</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sensed Qi Sea Ancestor’s thoughts and said: ”You are not wrong, Lin Jian Xing is different from others, he is an otherworldly demon and in history, otherworldly demons carry otherworldly dao marks.”</p>
<p>“Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had otherworldly space path dao marks so his Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space could block the future venerables. In Crazed Demon Cave, when the hole of chaos appeared, Thieving Heaven used his otherworldly space path dao marks as the main force to seal it.”</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor understood at once: ”So Lin Jian Xing has otherworldly sword path dao marks. This move is probably effective against even venerables, isn’t it too much of a waste to use it on a clone like me?”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable then told the truth of the qi harvest fruit and Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s revival.</p>
<p>Qi Sea’s will shook fiercely: ”So it was like this! Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, you already planned a trap when you set up the star array calculation formation. Later, you used heaven path dream realms to create an environment to lure me into attacking the star array calculation formation. We actually fell for it!”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable: ”As a wisdom path Gu Immortal, I naturally researched deeply into Fang Yuan’s personality. Moreover, you are are his most capable clone, there was a high chance you would be sent to attack the star array calculation formation.”</p>
<p>Qi Sea’s will sneered: ”In that case, even though you went through such an elaborate charade to capture and imprison me, did you manage to deduce my main body’s actions? Your Central Continent is done for! Hahaha. It is such a regret, if you had refined all of the wisdom path dao marks of Central Continent, you might have had a chance to block my main body. A pity, a pity.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s tone became quiet and heavy: ”My Heavenly Court is the leader of the righteous path, over three million years had passed since it was established. Since then, countless Heavenly Court Gu Immortals had sacrificed themselves to protect the righteous path and the whole of humanity.”</p>
<p>“In the present situation, many venerables are confronting each other in utter chaos, it is much more terrifying and severe than when variant humans dominated the world in the Immemorial Antiquity Era.”</p>
<p>“Central Continent is bordered with four regions, I, Star Constellation, am starting to feel powerless after confronting the other venerables for so long. Right now, I can only pay attention to the key aspects and guard the overall situation.”</p>
<p>“Since I made such a plan, I obviously know what Fang Yuan’s reaction will be. The plan succeeded now, so the common people of my Central Continent and countless living beings are facing Fang Yuan’s terrifying revenge!”</p>
<p>“However...”</p>
<p>“As long as Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable revives from this, my Heavenly Court will have two venerables, the situation of the five regions will definitely undergo a great change.”</p>
<p>“Everyone knows that the demonic path is unrestrained and runs amok, but they do not know that it takes even more courage and sense of responsibility to defend the righteous path!”</p>
<p>“I, Star Constellation, have sinned to create an advantage for the righteous path. I am sinful for sacrificing countless people!”</p>
<p>“But I am willing to bear this heavy sin to create more hope for the future, for humanity, and for the righteous path.”</p>
<p>“In fact, Divine Emperor City has already stored the records of various human qi in it. By cooperating with Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard, we will be capable of using more revival methods.”</p>
<p>“I solemnly swear now, regardless of how many humans Fang Yuan slaughters today, as long as I have a trace of strength left in the future, I will do everything I can to revive them! If I fail to keep my word, then I, Star Constellation, am not fit to be human!!”</p>
<p>These words stupefied Qi Sea Ancestor.</p>
<p>Even as her enemy, he could not help but admire Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s resolve, sense of responsibility, and decisiveness.</p>
<p>“Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!”</p>
<p>“Sob, sob... we were too shallow, we even resented you before.”</p>
<p>“Everything is for righteousness!”</p>
<p>“How can we compromise because of Demon Venerable’s threat and revenge? This is not kindness but a form of weakness!”</p>
<p>“Right, if we compromise this time, we will do it again and again in the future. We are the backbone of Central Continent’s righteous path, how can we bend our backs in front of Fang Yuan?”</p>
<p>Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects’ Gu Immortals were gathered together, listening to the conversation between Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Qi Sea’s will.</p>
<p>Emotions surged in their hearts and many even cried.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used Qi Sea Ancestor to explain this situation to them personally.</p>
<p>The resentment, confusion, anger, and other negative feelings hiding in their hearts were swept away. Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects’ Gu Immortals were now filled with respect towards Star Constellation Immortal Venerable along with confidence and courage to protect the righteous path.</p>
<p>But at the next moment, a Gu Immortal shouted: ”Oh no, Heaven Refining Demon Venerable published news in treasure yellow heaven saying that we captured Qi Sea Ancestor to recreate the qi harvest fruit and revive Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable!”</p>
<p>The crowd went into a commotion immediately.</p>
<p>Many connected to treasure yellow heaven and some of them started cursing: ”Fang Yuan, this shameless, despicable scoundrel. He even recorded Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s previous nonchalance towards his threat in a video and is playing it on constant loop in treasure yellow heaven. He is trying to stir the hearts of Central Continent’s people and damage our Heavenly Court’s reputation!!”</p>
<p>“There is a spy, there is likely Fang Yuan’s spy hidden among us. Otherwise, why will he suddenly know the truth?!” Someone brought up the possibility of a spy, making the Gu Immortals feel even more at unease.</p>
<p>Many Gu Immortals openly requested Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to inspect everyone.</p>
<p>But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable shook her head slightly: ”Please don’t be rash. I escorted Qi Sea Ancestor personally, by putting such an emphasis on him, it had already created doubts in Fang Yuan’s mind.”</p>
<p>“Venerables are not easy to deceive, it is normal for him to see through it.”</p>
<p>“Although Fang Yuan cannot bring out any evidence and is probably not certain of it himself, he intentionally let out this information to gain the attention of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.”</p>
<p>“However, it doesn’t matter. I will be staying in Heavenly Court and won’t go out for the following time. Even if Giant Sun, Fang Yuan, and Spectral Soul get into an alliance, they won’t be able to hinder the plan of reviving Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable!”</p>
<p>“As long as we don’t waver and stay here, Fang Yuan and the rest won’t be able to do anything.”</p>
<p>The immortals’ gazes shone as they praised Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s unmatched wisdom.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was indeed an expert in using such tricks.</p>
<p>Even if there was Fang Yuan’s spy among the immortals, she did not intend to investigate it.</p>
<p>What was the point?</p>
<p>People were not united right now, with Fang Yuan causing a great massacre in Central Continent, it would stir their hearts even more. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could not even unite the people’s minds, why would she add more chaos to this?</p>
<p>Moreover, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not feel fear even if there were spies here. Even if Fang Yuan, Giant Sun, and Spectral Soul attacked together, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had the confidence to defend Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>This was the benefit of owning their own headquarters!</p>
<p>No matter how many people Fang Yuan killed, or how miserable Central Continent’s situation became, as long as Star Constellation Immortal Venerable revived Primordial Origin, it would be a huge victory!</p>
<p>It was similar to the earlier situation where Fang Yuan was beaten miserably by Giant Sun and Star Constellation, but as long as he absorbed the dream realms, he would be the true winner!</p>
<p>In fact, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was already preparing to revive Primordial Origin even back in Crazed Demon Cave.</p>
<p>When she was seizing the Primordial Domains, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable deliberately searched and gathered qi path and wood path Primordial Domains.</p>
<p>So, once Primordial Domain revived, he could absorb the qi path Primordial Domains. Even if he did not reach supreme grandmaster attainment level, he would not be far from it.</p>
<p>What Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was worried about were Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>Even if Primordial Origin revived, if he did not have Immortal Gu to use, he could not use his full strength.</p>
<p>This was the situation with Star Constellation and Giant Sun, they did not have suitable rank nine Immortal Gu and had completely new rank nine immortal aperture; their condition was far from their previous life’s peak state.</p>
<p>“Heaven qi Immortal Gu and earth qi Immortal Gu along with the secluded domain of heaven and earth Hu Land are with Qi Sea. Adding on Heavenly Court’s human qi Immortal Gu and other Gu, master’s qi path Gu worms are somewhat gathered now.”</p>
<p>“It is indeed a huge pity that there are no rank nine qi path Immortal Gu, but maybe, Primordial Origin Treasury has it?”</p>
<p>“When master revives, he can activate the treasury, I won’t need to search for clues to find the Primordial Origin Treasury.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable quietly planned internally.</p>
    </body>
</html>