<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2332: Heavenly Court’s Resolve</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2332: Heavenly Court’s Resolve</h1>
        <p>Zhao Lian Yun and the others quickly cast a look of surprise at Vicious Lightning Fiend.</p>
<p>Vicious Lightning Fiend’s face turned red, this was a rarely seen expression, he explained: ”The Lightning Deities are damaged from the explosion, due to the qi path dao marks carved on them, they are hard to control. If my concentration falls, they will go berserk.”</p>
<p>Everyone gasped in realization.</p>
<p>They were slightly anxious earlier as they thought the Lightning Deities were being attacked by a mysterious method.</p>
<p>A few breaths of time later, Old Lord Can Yang relaxed and said: ”They are our comrades.”</p>
<p>Soon, two rank eight Gu Immortals appeared before the group.</p>
<p>They were rank eight supreme elders from Heaven’s Envy Manor and Spirit Butterfly Valley.</p>
<p>The immortals saw them and became joyous.</p>
<p>These were rank eight Gu Immortals after all, the supreme elders had countless methods in their possession, they managed to stabilize Yang Feng and Old Lord Can Yang’s injuries, but the effect was not great.</p>
<p>While the group of immortals discussed how they would continue saving others, white qi surged and moved like it was pushed aside by a huge blood-red beast.</p>
<p>Soon after, the vague figure of blood appeared from within the white qi, it was the rank eight Immortal Gu House — Demon Judgment Board!</p>
<p>Gu Yue Fang Zheng was controlling it from within, after seeing the immortals, he stopped.</p>
<p>Rays of blood-red light shot out of Demon Judgment Board and landed on everyone.</p>
<p>They did not resist and let Gu Yue Fang Zheng heal them.</p>
<p>Their injuries healed to an extent, but heavy injuries could not become small injuries.</p>
<p>Although Demon Judgment Board was a rank eight Immortal Gu House, it specialized in investigation, its combat prowess and healing ability were far weaker.</p>
<p>Gu Yue Fang Zheng thought about it and said to the ten children of human path inside the Immortal Gu House: ”The situation is dire, friends, may I ask you to go around to help heal the rest?”</p>
<p>“Lord Fang Zheng, please don’t say that, the ten great ancient sects are all subsidiaries of Heavenly Court, we are all of the same faction. We will do our best to help the rest!” The ten children of human path quickly responded.</p>
<p>They were lucky to have avoided the explosion as they had entered Divine Emperor City earlier.</p>
<p>Divine Emperor City was damaged by Shen Shang and Lu Wei Yin earlier, afterwards, it flew into Heavenly Court along with Fei He Mountain and others.</p>
<p>There was no helping it, if it remained in Central Continent, Fang Yuan’s main body would destroy it.</p>
<p>Genesis Lotus’ will controlled Divine Emperor City, he was confident in blocking Shen Shang and Lu Wei Yin, but against Fang Yuan’s main body, the outcome would be different.</p>
<p>Divine Emperor City was the sacred land of human path, it had a large number of mortals and Gu Masters. The painting worlds were the best places to develop human path, during this period of time, there were many new results.</p>
<p>The ten children of human path were all rank six human path Gu Immortals now, they were ordered by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to enter the painting worlds of Divine Emperor City and cultivate.</p>
<p>Gu Yue Fang Zheng was also deployed by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to enter Divine Emperor City. He was not there to comprehend human path, he interacted with Genesis Lotus’ will to learn painting path instead.</p>
<p>Earlier, Fang Zheng had entered the derivation formation and comprehended the essence of painting path, he could use the style of painting path to unleash various blood path killer moves through Demon Judgment Board, causing his strength to rise greatly. This caused Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s interest in painting path to increase greatly, because Star Constellation Immortal Venerable noticed his talent and prospect in painting path, she did not stint on nurturing him.</p>
<p>Although Gu Yue Fang Zheng was from Southern Border, due to Fang Yuan, he was nurtured by various leaders of Heavenly Court like Qin Ding Ling and even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. Thus, his cultivation level had been rising explosively the entire time.</p>
<p>The ten children of human path felt admiration and closeness to Fang Zheng.</p>
<p>Fang Zheng’s strength was greater than them, he was also the current generation Demon Judgment Board Lord. Although he only had rank seven cultivation level, he was already a member of Heavenly Court and had won many battles. With his status and identity, the ten children of human path who wanted to join Heavenly Court admired him.</p>
<p>As for closeness, Fang Zheng’s age meant that he and the ten children of human path were of the same generation.</p>
<p>Thus, after Fang Zheng made the arrangements, the ten children of human path accepted the task and flew out of Demon Judgment Board to help Zhao Lian Yun and the rest.</p>
<p>“It was really fortunate that you juniors with only rank six cultivation level stayed in Divine Emperor City and managed to survive.”</p>
<p>“Oh? So this is a human path method.”</p>
<p>“It is truly... profound beyond words!”</p>
<p>“No wonder Heavenly Court is putting all its effort into developing human path, it truly has unlimited potential.”</p>
<p>Old Lord Can Yang and the rest knew who the ten children of human path were. Initially, they still put up airs and acted like seniors, but soon, their expressions and attitude changed as they started to praise in amazement.</p>
<p>Human path was very unique, the healing methods of the ten children of human path were human path methods, but they were still effective on Zhao Lian Yun and the others.</p>
<p>Their injuries were originally quite severe and had only been suppressed, even with the help of two rank eight Gu Immortals and Demon Judgment Board’s healing, they did not recover by a large extent.</p>
<p>But now, with the human path killer moves, their conditions improved rapidly with immediate effect.</p>
<p>Gu Yue Fang Zheng nodded as he saw that the immortals were recovering with the help of the ten children of human path, he quickly went to the inner area using Demon Judgment Board.</p>
<p>Along the way, he saw many immortal aperture entrances, Fang Zheng’s expression was solemn as his heart sank, he felt worried: ”Most of the Gu Immortals in Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects are dead, but the immortal graveyard is almost completely expended, how are we going to revive them?”</p>
<p>“Recalling the situation, the qi harvest fruit exploded too suddenly, there must be a huge scheme behind it.”</p>
<p>“I wonder what happened to the Heavenly Court seniors?”</p>
<p>“The most important person is still Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. Her current condition will determine the future of Heavenly Court and the whole of humanity!”</p>
<p>Gu Yue Fang Zheng had undergone many ordeals, his foresight was sharpened and he had a clear understanding of the situation.</p>
<p>The inner area had much denser white qi than the outside.</p>
<p>Gu Yue Fang Zheng was very anxious, under his control, Demon Judgment Board moved even faster by thirty percent now.</p>
<p>Soon, he saw the immortals of Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Fang Zheng’s eyebrows first eased before frowning again.</p>
<p>He found that many of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were around, but some were missing, it was unknown if they had died.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were strong after all, ten people had already gathered here.</p>
<p>They were standing around Qin Ding Ling.</p>
<p>Fang Zheng quickly left Demon Judgment Board and greeted the immortals.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling nodded at him before looking around and starting to hand out instructions.</p>
<p>She had a haggard expression, there was still bloodstains on her lips, but when she spoke now, there was a hint of authority.</p>
<p>The white qi fog obscured everyone’s vision and investigative methods, with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable missing now, Qin Ding Ling had no choice but to take the role of leader.</p>
<p>After the immortals discussed this, she split them into three groups.</p>
<p>One group was led by Ruan Dan, they searched for surviving Gu Immortals while collecting information to collate data of Heavenly Court’s losses.</p>
<p>One group was led by Duke Mei, they ventured into the center of the white qi zone to search for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>The final group was led by her, there were Che Wei, Wan Zi Hong, Red Heart Traveler, Nine Spiritual Fairy, and other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals with outstanding battle strength. Because Fang Zheng had Demon Judgment Board, he was in this group as well.</p>
<p>Their group would leave Heavenly Court and guard the vicinity to defend against any possible attacking foes!</p>
<p>“Master.” Gu Yue Fang Zheng brought Red Heart Traveler into Demon Judgment Board and said respectfully: ”Let me heal your injuries!”</p>
<p>Red Heart Traveler nodded and sat down, floating in the air.</p>
<p>Gu Yue Fang Zheng utilized Demon Judgment Board to fly out of Heavenly Court while using its methods to heal Red Heart Traveler.</p>
<p>Red Heart Traveler was originally pale as paper, but with the help of Gu Yue Fang Zheng, he quickly recovered, his aura stabilized.</p>
<p>He was a blood path Gu Immortal, the former Demon Judgment Board Lord, Gu Yue Fang Zheng also cultivated blood path, their dao marks did not conflict so the healing effect was outstanding.</p>
<p>While Red Heart Traveler was healing, Gu Yue Fang Zheng informed him of everything that he saw.</p>
<p>Red Heart Traveler nodded with a solemn expression: ”Heavenly Court suffered huge losses, there are gaps everywhere now, even during the fate war, there had not been such a severe damage.”</p>
<p>Gu Yue Fang Zheng asked the question that he wanted to know about: ”Master, was this explosion an accident or... the scheme of someone?”</p>
<p>Red Heart Traveler shook his head: ”I can’t say for sure. Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s revival methods have already existed for over three million years, it may not have an issue but Heavenly Court went through countless battles, these methods are no longer complete. Furthermore, the five regions unified and the world went through huge changes...”</p>
<p>“But if someone did this, then Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Heaven Refining Demon Venerable are the most suspicious. Between them, Heaven Refining Demon Venerable is the most likely culprit!”</p>
<p>Saying so, Red Heart Traveler looked at Gu Yue Fang Zheng.</p>
<p>Fang Zheng gritted his teeth but did not speak.</p>
<p>Heaven Refining Demon Venerable was his brother.</p>
<p>“Regardless of whether this is a scheme or not, we are going to have an intense battle now! Fang Zheng, you need to prepare yourself.” Red Heart Traveler did not continue the topic, he started to inform Fang Zheng with concern.</p>
<p>Fang Zheng nodded as his expression turned stern. Now that Heavenly Court had such huge damage, it was likely that Heaven Refining Demon Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would attack, they would not let this chance slip by.</p>
<p>One could say that Heavenly Court was in immense danger now.</p>
<p>Red Heart Traveler told him to prepare himself, Fang Zheng knew that it meant the preparation to sacrifice his life!</p>
<p>Regarding this, Fang Zheng was resolved.</p>
<p>Not only him, the other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals also had the same resolve.</p>
<p>Suddenly, Demon Judgment Board shook as red lights shone, it was an alert.</p>
<p>Red Heart and Fang Zheng’s expressions changed.</p>
<p>Demon Judgment Board excelled in investigation, it was the first to obtain the new information.</p>
<p>A series of totems flew around and provoked a huge mountain-like monster to approach Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>“The enemy appeared!” Fang Zheng shouted: ”It’s Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!”</p>
<p>Soon, the other Gu Immortals also noticed this, Qin Ding Ling and others gathered.</p>
<p>“Damn it, Fang Yuan did this!”</p>
<p>“This shameless and unscrupulous person!!”</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was completely insane, but the totem killer moves were Fang Yuan’s signature method. The situation was very clear, the Heavenly Court immortals looked with bloodshot eyes, they were extremely furious.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling contacted Duke Mei, but as the white qi was too thick, communication was tough.</p>
<p>The center of the huge explosion was filled with qi path dao marks, Duke Mei and the rest moved with difficulty, but they did not find any trace of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling had a cold expression but her stable tone had a sense of patriotism: ”Although spectral heaven is huge, Heavenly Court is right behind us, we cannot retreat! Everyone, we must use all our effort to destroy the totems and lure Spectral Soul Demon Venerable away!”</p>
<p>Before she finished her words, she charged forward without any regard for her life!</p>
<p>There was no shouting or screaming, Wan Zi Hong, Che Wei, and Demon Judgment Board followed after her.</p>
<p>Bam bam bam...</p>
<p>A huge battle soon erupted, it got intense immediately.</p>
<p>The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals gave it their all, they were injured to begin with, this battle caused their injuries to become more severe as blood spewed everywhere.</p>
<p>The totems were destroyed by them.</p>
<p>The results were outstanding!</p>
<p>However, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable sensed the aura of Heavenly Court and roared loudly as he took the initiative to attack Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling and the rest resisted with all their might but they were completely helpless against the advancement of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>At once, the Heavenly Court immortals fell into despair.</p>
<p>Author’s Note: For the following battle, there will be many characters involved, it will be more exciting after including them. The interaction of these characters will make the Gu world more vibrant and lively. Fang Yuan’s following actions will also create huge fatal danger for them, they will experience great unforgettable changes in their lives.</p>
    </body>
</html>