<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2327: Primordial Origin’s Revival</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2327: Primordial Origin’s Revival</h1>
        <p>After hearing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s words, many of the Gu Immortals gained some realization.</p>
<p>“Now it seems that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable is still a righteous path person in essence.”</p>
<p>“He is indeed quite different from Fang Yuan, be it in terms of action or ideology. Fang Yuan is brutal and casually sacrifices his subordinates, he treats everything as his tool. But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable is different, he cares for his descendants and is someone with deep kinship.”</p>
<p>“Hmph, in my opinion, he has far greater foresight than Fang Yuan. If he acts like Fang Yuan, he will have no chance of appeasing Heavenly Court, he will be our mortal enemy. Thus, he has already started planning to express his goodwill towards Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable!”</p>
<p>“From what I see, this is all Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s plan. She did everything to defend Heavenly Court and allowed Fang Yuan to ransack Central Continent. The truth is, I was quite unhappy about it. But now, it seems that this was only part of her plan, it managed to make Giant Sun leave Central Continent of his own accord. This is an incredible outcome! Sigh, I should not have tried to evaluate Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s wisdom with my shallow view.”</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor’s eyes were shut, he was motionless like a statue, floating quietly in Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Above his head, Star Constellation Chessboard orbited and released a pale blue light that enveloped his body.</p>
<p>After some preparation, the entrance of Qi Sea Ancestor’s immortal aperture started to open, the immortals cheered loudly.</p>
<p>Afterwards, rank eight heaven qi Immortal Gu flew out of his immortal aperture first.</p>
<p>After that was earth qi Immortal Gu, followed by various qi path Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>The immortals were in a commotion.</p>
<p>“Even though Qi Sea Ancestor is strong, against Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, he is only meat on the chopping block.”</p>
<p>“Self-detonating Immortal Gu is so easy, but right now, the pseudo venerable Qi Sea Ancestor has been completely controlled by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, he can’t even do something as simple as self-detonating his Immortal Gu.”</p>
<p>“Once Lord Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable revives, these qi path Immortal Gu will allow him to recover a portion of his strength, Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has truly planned it perfectly!”</p>
<p>The immortals praised in succession.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had clearly suppressed Qi Sea Ancestor completely, she controlled his mind and used her thoughts to replace his.</p>
<p>Thus, she was able to open the immortal aperture’s entrance and suppress all of the Gu worms inside.</p>
<p>Of course, these qi path Gu worms still belonged to Qi Sea Ancestor, they were filled with his will.</p>
<p>It was much more difficult for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to get rid of his will than controlling Qi Sea Ancestor’s mind directly. These Immortal Gu did not have a mind, to get rid of their lingering will of Qi Sea, the best solution would be to directly refine these qi path Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not plan to do that.</p>
<p>She only suppressed these Immortal Gu and prevented them from self-detonating, she kept them for her master, Primordial Origin, to deal with personally.</p>
<p>Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable was a qi path Gu cultivator, it was better for him to deal with these qi path Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>After all the Immortal Gu were retrieved, it was time for the secluded domain of heaven and earth, Hu Land.</p>
<p>Once Hu Land appeared in front of everyone, Heavenly Court erupted with an intense wave of cheers.</p>
<p>This was a qi path secluded domain of heaven and earth!</p>
<p>It was spoils of battle comparable to rank nine Immortal Gu!!</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor’s Hu elevation killer move used Hu Land as the core.</p>
<p>A secluded domain of heaven and earth was very hard to destroy, it was much easier to obtain than Immortal Gu. Since Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could even suppress Qi Sea Ancestor’s Immortal Gu, obtaining Hu Land was a natural thing.</p>
<p>“With this secluded domain of heaven and earth, even if master has no rank nine Immortal Gu in his treasury, he can still display the might of qi path.”</p>
<p>While feeling satisfied, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not forget to inspect these Immortal Gu and the secluded domain of heaven and earth.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was vigilant, so was she.</p>
<p>Even in Heavenly Court, she was not being careless at all.</p>
<p>After using all her methods to inspect them over a hundred times, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable confirmed that these Immortal Gu and the secluded domain of heaven and earth were not tampered with.</p>
<p>Afterwards, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable placed these loot into the immortal formation and suppressed them.</p>
<p>This was her final step of precaution.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was a refinement path venerable, he might have some methods that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could not decipher. But with these loot being suppressed in the immortal formation, even if Fang Yuan’s method activated, it would be detected by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable immediately, she would have time to counter them.</p>
<p>“Even if Fang Yuan has any method that I have not detected, it is not a big deal, I can suppress anything with the immortal formation.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was filled with confidence regarding this.</p>
<p>Back then, she had even used He Feng Yang to undergo Immortal Gu transactions with Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Was she not afraid of Fang Yuan tampering with them?</p>
<p>Of course she had such worries.</p>
<p>But the concern was quite small, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was confident in noticing Fang Yuan’s methods. Other venerables like Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would also have such confidence.</p>
<p>Their confidence was not baseless.</p>
<p>Refinement path was too broadly cultivated in the whole world.</p>
<p>The advantage was that refinement path developed immensely, many refinement path Gu worms could advance to rank nine. The weakness was that everyone knew how to refine Gu, they had a certain understanding of refinement path.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court had existed for three million years, while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was a wisdom path venerable, how could she not know the refinement method of fake Gu?</p>
<p>Such an action was common in the mortal Gu Master world!</p>
<p>If Fang Yuan made fake Gu, even if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not cultivate refinement path, she would notice it.</p>
<p>Of course, if Fang Yuan had sufficient time to develop, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would not dare to take a risk in this aspect.</p>
<p>She would be incredibly cautious towards any Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan had contacted!</p>
<p>After Qi Sea Ancestor’s Immortal Gu and Hu Land were taken out, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable took out various resource points from Qi Sea’s immortal aperture.</p>
<p>Most of the qi path resource points were kept inside.</p>
<p>The ones that were taken out had one similarity, they all had a lot of non-qi path dao marks.</p>
<p>After finishing this, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable started to use her killer moves.</p>
<p>She had created these wisdom path killer moves herself, nobody else knew of them except her.</p>
<p>After more than ten killer moves were used, Qi Sea Ancestor’s immortal aperture and mind started to break down, all sorts of qi path resource points and his entire body started to turn into qi currents.</p>
<p>A massive number of qi currents were gathered together, forming into the vague shape of a qi harvest fruit.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s eyes shone with brilliance and wisdom, she used three killer moves consecutively, eliminating Qi Sea Ancestor’s will, thoughts, and remaining emotions in the qi harvest fruit.</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor’s soul was taken out and kept in the Immortal Gu House Soul Suppression Hall. This Immortal Gu House was once used to hold Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, it was too easy to contain Qi Sea’s soul now.</p>
<p>The qi harvest fruit slowly stabilized.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable stopped her various wisdom path methods, carefully drawing Star Constellation Chessboard away from the location.</p>
<p>Even without Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s support, the qi harvest fruit was becoming clearer and more stable.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable inspected it carefully and relaxed. As she had expected, the qi harvest fruit was in sync with Primordial Origin’s methods now, she did not need to do anything else.</p>
<p>She could not interfere anymore or it could be an issue. After all, there were conflicting dao marks, she cultivated wisdom path and star path, not qi path.</p>
<p>The best situation was to allow Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s methods to activate and trigger his revival.</p>
<p>“After three million years, Lord Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s methods are still effective! I am truly in admiration.”</p>
<p>“There are no issues left, Lord Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s revival is imminent!”</p>
<p>“It was my fault.” The newly revived Qin Ding Ling came over and said with an expression of guilt: ”If I was not muddled and let Qi Sea Ancestor take Heavenly Court’s qi harvest fruit, the first venerable to revive would have been Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable!”</p>
<p>Everyone consoled her upon hearing this.</p>
<p>Even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable looked over at her: ”Qin Ding Ling, no need to blame yourself. You are not a wisdom path Gu Immortal, while Fang Yuan is extremely crafty and has even deceived the world, it was not your fault that you failed to deduce Qi Sea Ancestor’s true identity.”</p>
<p>“Even I would make mistakes sometimes. The important thing is that you learn from your mistakes and grow, you must continue to look forward bravely, that is the true behavior that we should follow.”</p>
<p>“We will remember Lady Immortal Venerable’s teachings!” The immortals responded in unison.</p>
<p>The qi harvest fruit soon grew to the size of a mountain.</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor’s qi path foundation was converted into the qi harvest fruit. After it stabilized, it was even larger than the one that Fang Yuan made back then.</p>
<p>As time passed, the qi harvest fruit continued to grow stronger.</p>
<p>In the past, the Heavenly Court immortals would be terrified of this scene. But now, they looked towards the qi harvest fruit with anticipation and excitement.</p>
<p>Primordial Origin’s revival process, which had been interrupted by Fang Yuan in the past, was restarting now.</p>
<p>Not long after, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable frowned. She noticed that the qi harvest fruit’s growth was slowing down.</p>
<p>“Something is wrong.” She quickly inspected.</p>
<p>The entire inspection process was slow and careful, she did not want a powerful investigative method to affect Primordial Origin’s revival process.</p>
<p>The Heavenly Court wisdom path dao marks that she refined were very useful in this case, she soon found the reason.</p>
<p>Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable had left many methods in Heavenly Court that were related to his revival. For example, the primordial qi wall.</p>
<p>“Master’s plan must have been to use the qi harvest fruit from the qi tides to revive himself. He arranged all sorts of qi path methods in Heavenly Court as a form of assurance. When the qi harvest fruit lacks nutrients, these qi path methods would be used to supplement it.”</p>
<p>However, because of the various battles that occurred, these qi path methods were greatly expended. Thus, its growth was slowed now.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had no way to make these qi path methods recover to their original state.</p>
<p>But after thinking about it, she quickly found a replacement method.</p>
<p>After all, these qi path methods were meant to support the qi harvest fruit’s growth.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable immediately ordered for all of Heavenly Court’s qi path immortal materials to be taken out while she made deductions.</p>
<p>Not long after, her expression turned pale, she was covered in perspiration, but she produced a qi path immortal formation.</p>
<p>The foundation of this qi path formation were the qi path methods from Primordial Origin, it was quickly completed under Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s arrangements.</p>
<p>Afterwards, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable placed a large number of qi path immortal materials into the immortal formation.</p>
<p>As the qi path immortal formation activated, it was quickly reduced into all sorts of qi currents that were condensed together, before being instilled into the qi harvest fruit through Primordial Origin’s arrangements.</p>
<p>After the boost of nutrients, the qi harvest fruit started to grow rapidly again.</p>
<p>But this did not last long, Heavenly Court’s storage of qi path immortal materials was quickly expended, they were about to run dry again.</p>
    </body>
</html>