<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2171: Four Venerables Repair The World</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2171: Four Venerables Repair The World</h1>
        
        <p>The lightning giant attacked, each action carried unparalleled lights.</p> 
<p>Countless chains swayed and targeted Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable as they sealed and slashed.</p> 
<p>The damage caused by the two venerables continued to spread out, the entire void was shaking intensely, it seemed to be unable to sustain the pressure.</p> 
<p>One by one, small worlds were implicated, they were rapidly destroyed and unable to last a few breaths of time.</p> 
<p>Within the lightning giant, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's expression became increasingly twisted, blood surged in his eyes as his aura became more vicious and wild.</p> 
<p>"Take this move!" Thieving Heaven shouted as the lightning giant's mountain-like body stopped on the spot.</p> 
<p>The surface of its body started to transform rapidly, with the crisp sound of clanking metal, cannons started to extend out of its body in all directions.</p> 
<p>Boom—!</p> 
<p>Thousands of cannons fired at once, countless rays of light pierced the void, a rainbow color of red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple, and others dazzled the entire heaven and earth.</p> 
<p>As light rays shot out and crossed a vast distance, they destroyed everything in their path, many chains that Limitless Demon Venerable's will controlled were easily decimated.</p> 
<p>"This move actually comprises metal, wood, water, fire, earth, and other paths. Each color of the cannons represent a different path. Oh no!" Limitless Demon Venerable's will was shaken.</p> 
<p>The defensive line that he had established was penetrated, exposing the two great worlds that he was protecting.</p> 
<p>One world had rampaging wild beasts, the other was covered in lush greenery.</p> 
<p>They were Savage Wilderness Great World and Green Lotus Great World.</p> 
<p>Most of the cannons were blocked successfully but a hundred of them still shot towards the two great worlds mercilessly.</p> 
<p>"What? These two worlds contain life?" Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was internally shocked.</p> 
<p>He could see clearly, his twisted expression froze on his face, clarity returned to his eyes that had turned blood red.</p> 
<p>Earlier when he explored the void, he saw that the small worlds were devoid of life, they were deathly silent.</p> 
<p>Thus, he did not care about the destruction of these small worlds.</p> 
<p>But Savage Wilderness Great World and Green Lotus Great World contained living beings, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable did not want to be a mass murderer.</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable gritted his teeth, he used all his strength to control the lightning giant and turn the cannon in another direction.</p> 
<p>All of the cannons narrowly avoided the two great worlds.</p> 
<p>Guh.</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable spat out a mouthful of blood.</p> 
<p>By forcefully changing his attack direction, he had to endure the backlash of the killer move.</p> 
<p>The lightning giant that had been powerful and unstoppable was no longer shining, it dimmed by a lot.</p> 
<p>The battle of the two venerables came to a halt at this moment.</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable breathed roughly while Limitless Demon Venerable's will was protected by countless chains, he fell into deep thought.</p> 
<p>At the crucial moment, he saw the former's true nature.</p> 
<p>"I can open the pathway and let you enter to take a look." A moment later, Limitless Demon Venerable's will said.</p> 
<p>"What?" Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was surprised.</p> 
<p>But he immediately understood the reason, blood traces were still lingering on Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's lips, with his relatively severe injuries, he could not heal them in the short period.</p> 
<p>He chuckled: "Then what are we waiting for?"</p> 
<p>Limitless Demon Venerable's will opened a path as he led Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable into the ninth layer of Crazed Demon Cave.</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable first saw a large mountain that was black and white in color.</p> 
<p>"This is the Book Mountain recorded in \&lt;\&lt;The Legends of Ren Zu\&gt;\&gt;?" Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable dispelled his lightning giant killer move, he expressed his surprise.</p> 
<p>Limitless' will smiled: "Book Mountain is one of the cores, with it, this crazed demon ninth void formation can continue to grow. Each time a new genius Gu cultivator appears in the world, they would help with the progress of their respective path, Book Mountain will absorb the new knowledge and develop the crazed demon ninth void formation to continuously improve and develop."</p> 
<p>"Initially, the eighth layer's void was very small, there were no worlds at all. But afterwards, as rule path, phantom path, and refinement path developed in the five regions, this place also continued to expand and grow."</p> 
<p>"Small worlds first appeared, before they quickly increased in number. Reckless Savage Demon Venerable left behind Savage Wilderness Great World, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable created his Green Lotus Dao field, greatly promoting the growth of the crazed demon ninth void formation. In time, living beings will be created and destroyed alongside the small worlds, no longer limited to the current two great worlds."</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable went deeper, he started to see blocks of floating ice, they had various sizes and all sorts of strange shapes.</p> 
<p>"This is the truthful floating ice? No wonder I did not find them when exploring the River of Time, so it was you who found and kept them here." Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable realized.</p> 
<p>And finally, he arrived at the deepest part of Crazed Demon Cave.</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable showed a downcast expression, he felt very disappointed: "Space Door is not here after all."</p> 
<p>Limitless' will did not lie to him.</p> 
<p>Limitless' will said: "Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, if you do not believe me, you can continue to look. Space Door is not here."</p> 
<p>"How can I find Space Door? That is my only hope of returning home!" Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable inquired.</p> 
<p>Limitless' will shook his head: "If I knew about it, why would I need to fight you earlier? Oh Thieving Heaven, please go back, what you seek is not here."</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was in a daze, he did not speak for some time.</p> 
<p>"No... maybe, this is what I am looking for?" Suddenly, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable emitted a peculiar laugh.</p> 
<p>His expression was twisted, his eyes were blood red, his tone and mannerism of speech had changed completely, his voice was hoarse as if this was another person speaking.</p> 
<p>"Oh no!" Limitless' will had a change of expression too.</p> 
<p>The thing he was worried about the most had still happened in the end.</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable continued to speak in a hoarse voice: "If I am not wrong, hehehe, this is the place where the world boundary of the Gu cultivation world is at its thinnest. Oh Limitless Demon Venerable, your crazed demon ninth void formation is using this place to pierce through the world boundary and bring those things that are beyond the world to act as the raw materials. That is how the eighth layer developed these great and small worlds, right?"</p> 
<p>"Say, if I were to break this boundary and leave the Gu cultivation world entirely, will I be able to find a way back?" Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable said that as his eyes widened, the aura of excitement and insanity grew more intensely on his body.</p> 
<p>Limitless' will replied solemnly: "Impossible!"</p> 
<p>"You are a Gu Venerable yourself, do you not know the power of those things beyond the world? You have already experienced their strength, haven't you?"</p> 
<p>"How long do you think you can last outside?"</p> 
<p>"The venerable is the strongest person in the world, but even if you can last a long time, you will reach your limit eventually."</p> 
<p>"Can you be sure that you will coincidentally find your original world before you reach your limit?"</p> 
<p>"You need to know, you are not the only otherworldly demon, the worlds outside of the Gu cultivation world are more than just your original world."</p> 
<p>"But!" Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable raised his hands as he shouted: "But do you know? Do you know how much I want to return?!"</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable then lowered his head, his fingers stabbing into his hair as his eyes were hollow, he muttered: "Do you know how tough it has been for me?"</p> 
<p>"When I was a mortal, I told myself that if I became a Gu Master, I will be able to find a way home."</p> 
<p>"When I became a Gu Master, I told myself that after becoming a Gu Immortal, I will be able to find a way home."</p> 
<p>"After becoming a Gu Immortal, I consoled myself again, if I become venerable, I will be able to go home."</p> 
<p>"But now, I am already a venerable! And yet, I cannot find Space Door! Where is Space Door?"</p> 
<p>"Even if I find Space Door, can it really let me return home?"</p> 
<p>"Gu Venerables are the strongest! There is no road ahead of me anymore. Sometimes, I will dream of Space Door, I dreamed that I found Space Door but realized it was completely useless."</p> 
<p>"Whenever I wake up from such a nightmare, I will be covered in cold sweat."</p> 
<p>"I admit that I am afraid, I am afraid that I cannot find Space Door, I am afraid that the truth behind it will send me into utter despair."</p> 
<p>"Can you understand my feelings?"</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's breathing became rougher, he looked at the deepest part of Crazed Demon Cave, the thinnest part of the world boundary.</p> 
<p>He suddenly laughed, his eyes lit up as he said in a hoarse voice: "So let me take a risk now! I will pierce this world!"</p> 
<p>"Stop it!!" Limitless' will shouted.</p> 
<p>He was already prepared, he used his full strength to stop him.</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was instantly trapped by the surrounding chains.</p> 
<p>But at the next moment, another Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable appeared in front of him, he raised his arms high and slammed down fiercely.</p> 
<p>Boom!</p> 
<p>With a loud sound, the world boundary was broken, the most terrifying tribulation in the world descended!</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable went out of the broken hole immediately.</p> 
<p>But Limitless' will no longer had the time to pursue him, he tried his best to seal the broken boundary.</p> 
<p>But terrifying tribulations were spewing out of the hole, Limitless' chains could not resist them, they could not even get close.</p> 
<p>After a few breaths of time, the hole expanded to twice of its original size.</p> 
<p>"The situation is critical, if we do not mend this hole now, the entire world will be destroyed. Please lend me a hand!" Limitless' will shouted loudly.</p> 
<p>Reckless Savage's will flew out of Savage Wilderness Great World, bringing with him countless fierce beasts.</p> 
<p>Genesis Lotus' will flew out of Green Lotus Great World, bringing along countless trees and grasses.</p> 
<p>The power of three venerables could only maintain the situation, they could not fix this hole!</p> 
<p>The hole did not expand but the three venerables were already dead, just the power left behind by their main body could not salvage the situation.</p> 
<p>As the three venerables' power weakened, their expressions turned unsightly.</p> 
<p>"To think that the world is going to be destroyed." Genesis Lotus' will smiled bitterly.</p> 
<p>Limitless' will sighed: "I should not have taken the risk to let him in."</p> 
<p>"No." Reckless Savage's will said grimly: "In that situation, even if all three of us took action, we could not stop Thieving Heaven, after all, we cannot take his life. Even if we force him away several times, he can still come back and challenge us until our strength is depleted."</p> 
<p>"This is all my fault, Limitless, release me, I can help you." Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable said regretfully.</p> 
<p>One Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had left through the broken boundary, while another Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was still trapped by Limitless Demon Venerable's chains.</p> 
<p>"You?" Genesis Lotus' will was surprised.</p> 
<p>"Who is the one who left earlier?" Reckless Savage's will asked.</p> 
<p>"That is Sha Xiao." Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable smiled bitterly: "He is my Dao Guardian. He is also..."</p> 
<p>The situation was urgent, Limitless' will interrupted him, asking: "What plan do you have?"</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable said: "Do you know why fate Gu's control over otherworldly demons is limited? That is because every otherworldly demon who comes into this world will carry their original world's insignia. Those are otherworldly dao marks."</p> 
<p>"Next, I will use the otherworldly space path dao marks on my body to create a subspace and block this hole. Using the opportunity, I want you all to use your full strength and quickly mend it!"</p> 
<p>Without hesitation, Limitless' will retracted his chains: "Go ahead."</p>
    </body>
</html>
