<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2080: Fang Yuan&apos;s Luck</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2080: Fang Yuan&apos;s Luck</h1>
        
        <p>Over two months had passed in the sovereign immortal aperture, a brand-new Cooking Luck Pot finally presented itself before Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Its whole body was shining in golden light. When observed carefully, a platinum light would occasionally shine inside and outside the pot, giving a strong sensation of richness.</p> 
<p>The sides of the pot were as thick as a child's fist.</p> 
<p>There were eight lifelike dragon statues around the outer edges of the pot.</p> 
<p>These eight dragons' tails were all at the base of the pot, coiling around each other and extending their claws to become the legs of this pot.</p> 
<p>The eight dragon tails pointed in eight different directions, towards the north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, southwest.</p> 
<p>Each dragon claw was attached to the surface of the pot, the dragon bodies moved upwards as the dragon heads hung on the edge, looking inside. The dragon eyes were shut as if they were sleeping.</p> 
<p>Cooking Luck Pot was now a rank eight Immortal Gu House!</p> 
<p>Compared to before, not only had its size increased, the eight dragon statues were clear and vivid, unlike the blurry and crude image when Cooking Luck Pot was rank seven.</p> 
<p>The current Fang Yuan possessed over nine thousand heaven path dao marks, the difficulty in conceptualizing compound killer moves had decreased sharply. So, even though Fang Yuan's luck path attainment level was not high, he had the ability to modify Cooking Luck Pot and make it even stronger.</p> 
<p>But after careful consideration, he gave up on this idea for the moment.</p> 
<p>If Cooking Luck Pot were to be made like Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, then when it was used outside his aperture, its might would be reduced greatly. And Cooking Luck Pot needed to be used outside the aperture.</p> 
<p>When Fang Yuan fought Qin Ding Ling before, Qin Ding Ling targeted Fang Yuan's luck, but at the crucial moment, rank seven Cooking Luck Pot appeared above Fang Yuan's head to block Qin Ding Ling's rank eight luck path killer move.</p> 
<p>At Fang Yuan's level, because the enemies were too strong and had many methods, his defense had to be all-rounded. Fang Yuan not only needed to protect his body and soul, he needed to maintain his luck as well.</p> 
<p>The strongest experts placed great emphasis and importance on their own luck.</p> 
<p>Because it could affect a major part of their strength!</p> 
<p>Even the recently revived Demon Immortal Qi Jue had such thoughts. Back when he fought Qi Sea Ancestor and Qin Ding Ling above qi sea, in order to preserve his luck, he chose to retreat wisely.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan raised the rank of Cooking Luck Pot to protect his luck. Cooking Luck Pot's structure and origin made it such that it was weak in offense and strong in defending the Gu Immortal's luck. Luck path offensive methods were mostly in the true inheritances of all living beings luck and heaven and earth luck.</p> 
<p>The luck path Immortal Gu used in Cooking Luck Pot were all rank eight and were enough to defend his luck.</p> 
<p>Naturally, Cooking Luck Pot still had Immortal Gu that were not rank eight.</p> 
<p>For instance, food path Immortal Gu Cook was still at rank seven.</p> 
<p>It was not that Fang Yuan did not want to raise its rank, he lacked the corresponding rank eight food path immortal material. Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool's blood asset Immortal Gu's situation was also the same, it was still at rank seven due to the lack of rank eight blood path immortal materials.</p> 
<p>Rank eight food path immortal material and blood path immortal material were not easy to gather in a short period of time.</p> 
<p>This was greatly related to their paths.</p> 
<p>The more flourishing the path was, the more corresponding immortal materials there would be. They would be easier to gather and there would be many more Immortal Gu. There would also be a lot of Gu Immortals cultivating that path.</p> 
<p>In Gu Immortal cultivation, the more Immortal Gu recipes were created, the more immortal materials were cultivated which then added on to the prosperity of the whole path.</p> 
<p>Food path and blood path were never truly prosperous, there were also few Gu Immortals who cultivated them. Compared to food path, there were more blood path cultivators, but most of them were only Gu Masters. There were few blood path Gu Immortals, which was not much help in making blood path popular.</p> 
<p>On one hand, it was because of Heavenly Court's Demon Judgment Board. On the other hand, Blood Sea Ancestor, who created blood path, was only at rank seven.</p> 
<p>Speaking of it, luck path was also never prosperous, but because Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had created and developed it, its reputation was spread far and wide.</p> 
<p>Gu Immortals who truly cultivated luck path were not numerous.</p> 
<p>After Giant Sun Immortal Venerable passed away, there were almost no luck path experts in history. Maybe only Qin Ding Ling could be barely considered one.</p> 
<p>The main reason was because Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had hidden his three true inheritances deeply and did not spread them wantonly.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling could become a famous luck path expert because she had derived some foundation from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, and later, she changed her original path and spent countless years in comprehension before she was able to reach the success of today.</p> 
<p>So, Fang Yuan felt extremely fortunate for being able to raise the ranks of so many luck path Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Because luck path was not prosperous, it was difficult to gather luck path immortal materials. He was able to loot so many luck path immortal materials from the two heavens' grotto-heavens, which was something that would not happen frequently.</p> 
<p>Naturally, the success in refinement was mostly due to Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.</p> 
<p>Without Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, then it would have been impossible!</p> 
<p>Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool had fifty to sixty percent success rate in refining rank eight Immortal Gu. This success rate was enough to mass-produce rank eight Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>A higher success rate led to lower expenditure of immortal materials, which saved Fang Yuan a large amount of luck path immortal materials.</p> 
<p>If it were an ordinary Gu Immortal who had all of Fang Yuan's luck path immortal materials and they were able to advance just one rank eight Immortal Gu successfully, they would already be immeasurably thankful.</p> 
<p>When ordinary Gu Immortals refined rank eight Immortal Gu, their expenditure of immortal materials would be at least more than ten times of what Fang Yuan used!</p> 
<p>Old Ancestor Xue Hu was a good example.</p> 
<p>To gather materials to refine rank eight Fortune Rivalling Heaven, he spent all of his accumulations and even squeezed his subordinates dry, finally leading to the collapse of the whole of Snowy Mountain blessed land.</p> 
<p>This was still the case when Old Ancestor Xue Hu had captured Ma Hong Yun, which saved him a large amount of luck path immortal materials!</p> 
<p>Forget about Old Ancestor Xue Hu, even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had to cooperate with Long Hair Ancestor for Gu refinement.</p> 
<p>With Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, Fang Yuan's refinement path strength was absolutely among the top three in all of history. This advantage was just brought into play and had already shown a frightening performance, the benefits it brought were unimaginable for outsiders!</p> 
<p>At least, Fang Yuan was aware that even Long Hair Ancestor, who had once cooperated with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, did not have as high of a success rate as him.</p> 
<p>A new issue propped up in front of Fang Yuan, he was slightly worried of being too successful in advancing his Immortal Gu to rank eight; with too many rank eight, he would have to worry about their food.</p> 
<p>The food of rank eight Immortal Gu was a lot more difficult.</p> 
<p>Back then, to feed regret Gu, Fang Yuan directly created an enormous flower mist extreme marsh!</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan was already prepared in this aspect, his wisdom path attainment had always been supporting him silently.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan learned from Time Difference grotto-heaven and did not hesitate on spending a large amount of material resources and effort in constructing year essence sub-pools, which he spread over the whole of the sovereign immortal aperture, creating various time path zones.</p> 
<p>With these zones and the help of over nine thousand heaven path dao marks, the problem of feeding rank eight Immortal Gu was alleviated to a huge degree.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan willed and activated rank eight Cooking Luck Pot to inspect his luck.</p> 
<p>Cooking Luck Pot quietly floated above his head, it was slightly drifting earlier but was now stationary as it started to rotate slowly.</p> 
<p>The previous Cooking Luck Pot's rank was lower than Fang Yuan's which led to Fang Yuan being unable to inspect all of his luck; every time, he could only inspect the portion inside the pot.</p> 
<p>But now, Cooking Luck Pot could bear all of Fang Yuan's luck.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan could finally witness the complete form of his luck again.</p> 
<p>His luck was like a pure silver pillar of light, even though it was slim, it was tall, shooting towards heaven, seemingly trying to pierce the sky.</p> 
<p>At the bottom of this dense pure silver light pillar, there was a lump of yellow qi guarding it, looking like a dust cloud that seemed to support the pillar.</p> 
<p>At the top of the pillar, there were three clouds, one was black as ink, one was golden and dazzling, one was shining with starlight.</p> 
<p>Such a scene made Fang Yuan fall into contemplation.</p> 
<p>After a long while, he collected his thoughts and observed the luck again.</p> 
<p>But this time, he did not observe his own luck, but looked at his clones' luck outside Cooking Luck Pot.</p> 
<p>Among the clones' luck, the most majestic and grand naturally belonged to the Qi Sea clone.</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor's luck was like the ocean. Milky white qi currents flowed, becoming endless sea waves.</p> 
<p>"The Qi Sea clone's luck fits his name, they are both a qi sea." Fang Yuan knew the reason.</p> 
<p>The luck's appearance was tightly connected with the individual's condition.</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor's qi sea luck not only originated from his name, but also because he took command of qi sea and controlled the qi sea formation. More importantly, several days ago, Fang Yuan had completely handed the killer move unlimited qi sea to the Qi Sea clone.</p> 
<p>It was because the Qi Sea clone wanted to create his own combat system and wanted unlimited qi sea to be its core.</p> 
<p>"The Qi Sea clone possesses over two million qi path dao marks, has many qi path Immortal Gu along with the complete Primordial Origin qi path true inheritance, and is also the Righteous Qi Alliance's alliance leader. All these reasons gave birth to such a boundless white qi sea luck."</p> 
<p>"But although this white qi sea is enormous, the qi currents are moving in disorder and chaos, which shows hidden undercurrents and threats."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought carefully and felt this hidden threat originated from two aspects.</p> 
<p>First, the Qi Sea clone was attempting to create a combat system which was causing his thoughts to be in chaos. If he succeeded, maybe the qi sea would recover. if he failed, this internal chaos might still continue.</p> 
<p>Second was the Qi Sea clone's clone identity. The relationship of the Qi Sea clone and the main body was not exposed but there was the danger of it being exposed at any time. Demon Immortal Qi Jue already knew this but was suppressed by Divine Emperor City.</p> 
<p>Once this secret was revealed, it would have a severe impact on Qi Sea clone, which was why there was a possibility of the qi sea luck falling apart.</p> 
<p>"The Qi Sea clone is my strongest clone, he has rank eight cultivation and pseudo venerable battle strength. So, he has such a vast milky white qi sea luck. But it can be seen from this that the Qi Sea clone has a flaw; there is limited space to progress and grow."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan compared his own pure silver light pillar with the milky white qi sea luck, he could clearly see that the pure silver light pillar was shooting up towards the sky while the qi sea luck's foundation was unstable, it could only suppress his current situation.</p> 
<p>"If the qi harvest fruit plan shows results, maybe the qi sea luck could reach the clouds as well. Unfortunately, the qi harvest fruits left in the two heavens' grotto-heavens are showing extremely slow growth. It will be very difficult for them to give any qi path dao marks to the Qi Sea clone anymore."</p>
    </body>
</html>
