<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2260: Wan Gu Chou</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2260: Wan Gu Chou</h1>
        <p>Rank nine existences, be they Gu Immortals or Immortal Gu, were envied by the heavens, they</p>
<p>could not live forever.</p>
<p>So, in all of humanity’s history, there were only eleven venerables, and they all were restricted</p>
<p>by their lifespan.</p>
<p>There were also very few rank nine Immortal Gu that existed in the world.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable finally took a glance at his luck.</p>
<p>He could not help but frown.</p>
<p>The situation was not good.</p>
<p>It was worse than before.</p>
<p>But from the information he had, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable still could not estimate where</p>
<p>this bad luck came from.</p>
<p>Naturally, he was most suspicious of Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>“What is that old woman, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, playing at?”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was not anxious.</p>
<p>He had methods to change his luck.</p>
<p>But there was still that flaw.</p>
<p>He was tight on immortal essence and they needed to be used to refine dao marks. He did not</p>
<p>have a rank nine luck path Immortal Gu, using rank eight luck path Immortal Gu to change his</p>
<p>rank nine luck was very difficult and would expend a lot more immortal essence.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable soon stopped activating his investigative method.</p>
<p>The longer the contest of three venerables prolonged, the bigger the importance of information.</p>
<p>But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s inspection duration kept on decreasing.</p>
<p>He needed to consider his immortal essence expenditure, and try to save as much immortal</p>
<p>essence as possible.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable fell into deep thought: ”What is the source of my bad luck?”</p>
<p>“Heavenly Court is the biggest suspect, but I cannot relax my guard against Fang Yuan too! He</p>
<p>has the sovereign immortal body and can cultivate all paths, his potential is absolutely terrifying.</p>
<p>Besides this, he has another advantage. That is refinement path!”</p>
<p>“Refinement path might not be proficient in fighting, but its development potential far surpasses</p>
<p>luck path and blood path. Thus, refinement path has far more potential rank nine Gu than luck</p>
<p>path, blood path, as well as wisdom path and star path.”</p>
<p>Each path had strengths and weaknesses.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable kept luck path a secret and did not spread it, so its development</p>
<p>was limited. Other Gu Immortals would find it difficult to defend against Giant Sun Immortal</p>
<p>Venerable’s luck path methods, but there were few luck path Immortal Gu that could reach rank</p>
<p>nine.</p>
<p>On the contrary, refinement path was probably the most widely developed path. Simply because</p>
<p>refining Gu was an inevitable part of Gu cultivation.</p>
<p>Even Gu cultivators who cultivated other paths would have refined Gu to some extent.</p>
<p>Thus, as refinement path grew, more refinement path Gu cultivators emerged which meant</p>
<p>more refinement path dao marks. Refinement path resources were unceasing, and there were</p>
<p>all kinds of refinement path Immortal Gu. Moreover, refinement path Immortal Gu that could</p>
<p>advance to rank nine became even more numerous.</p>
<p>“Fortunately, Fang Yuan is lacking immortal essence currently, he is still far from refining a rank</p>
<p>nine refinement path Immortal Gu.”</p>
<p>“Maybe, my bad luck is not because of Fang Yuan or Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, but</p>
<p>the other venerables. If other venerables revived, who would be the most problematic for me?”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had Cooking Luck Pot as well as obscured heavenly secret, although Giant Sun</p>
<p>Immortal Venerable had the ability to inspect him, he did not get proper results.</p>
<p>“If I gain a breakthrough in the blood path Immortal Gu transaction, this luck should change to</p>
<p>good.”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was not the only one who obstructed Giant Sun Immortal Venerable in terms of</p>
<p>blood path Immortal Gu, Heavenly Court had already been doing so since Blood Sea Ancestor’s</p>
<p>time.</p>
<p>Demon Judgment Board’s core Immortal Gu Blood Relation, and Red Heart Traveler’s heart</p>
<p>blood Immortal Gu were things that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable thirsted for.</p>
<p>Currently, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was still in a long negotiation with Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Longevity Heaven was secretly negotiating with Heavenly Court as well for blood path Immortal</p>
<p>Gu, but the progress was almost zero.</p>
<p>Back in Western Desert.</p>
<p>Fang Gong got close to Xiao Ye Hu and punched.</p>
<p>Under his fear, Xiao Ye Hu moved Immortal Gu House Chamber Pot in front to block.</p>
<p>A loud explosion rang as Chamber Pot was destroyed.</p>
<p>The punch continued forward and struck Xiao Ye Hu’s chest.</p>
<p>Xiao Ye Hu flew away like a meteor. His chest had sunk in, large amounts of blood mixed with</p>
<p>internal organs gushed out of his mouth, leaving a trail of blood.</p>
<p>One punch destroyed Chamber Pot and caused Xiao Ye Hu to be on the verge of death.</p>
<p>“Let’s retreat!”</p>
<p>“We can’t fight anymore.”</p>
<p>The anti-Fang alliance army was shaking with fear, their fighting spirit was almost depleted.</p>
<p>Fang Gong’s strength far surpassed their expectations, he was actually not restricted by</p>
<p>Chamber Pot.</p>
<p>This first supreme elder of Fang clan was truly the nemesis of Immortal Gu Houses. Ever since</p>
<p>Fang clan attacked Wan clan’s tall pine oasis until now, he had already destroyed Winding Light</p>
<p>Platform, Red River Wheel, and Xiao clan’s Chamber Pot.</p>
<p>These three Immortal Gu Houses were all at rank seven, they could match rank eight battle</p>
<p>strength!</p>
<p>“There is one more left!” Fang Gong turned around slightly, ignoring the rank seven Gu</p>
<p>Immortals as he glared at Myriad Age Building.</p>
<p>Only Myriad Age Building was left among the anti-Fang alliance army’s Immortal Gu Houses.</p>
<p>Myriad Age Building was a rank seven Immortal Gu House, it could match rank eight. It was the</p>
<p>final pillar of the anti-Fang alliance army, once it fell, Fang clan would obtain complete victory.</p>
<p>This was the most crucial point.</p>
<p>The remaining Gu Immortals might be rank seven elites with their own specialties, but without</p>
<p>Myriad Age Building to stabilize their position, these people would be like a disorderly mob.</p>
<p>“Fang clan has six Immortal Gu Houses, and they are all at rank seven. Our side only has</p>
<p>Myriad Age Building left.”</p>
<p>“Retreat, retreat!”</p>
<p>“Heavenly Court is still not making a move? Sigh, they are really incompetent. Look at how</p>
<p>much Heaven Refining Demon Venerable supported Fang clan, a total of three Immortal Gu</p>
<p>Houses! What did Heavenly Court provide?”</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang displayed a wisdom path Gu Immortal’s strategic ability. At this delicate juncture,</p>
<p>he ordered Fang clan to stop chasing those rank seven Gu Immortals, instead controlling</p>
<p>Immortal Gu Houses to surround Myriad Age Building.</p>
<p>Seeing that Fang clan did not give chase, besides the Wan clan Gu Immortals, everyone else in</p>
<p>the alliance retreated madly.</p>
<p>Wan Xiao and Wan Hao Guang’s expressions were ashen as they retreated into Myriad Age</p>
<p>Building.</p>
<p>Fang clan’s six Immortal Gu Houses encircled Myriad Age Building, Fang clan’s expression was</p>
<p>leisurely as he flew towards Myriad Age Building.</p>
<p>“Surrender, friends of Wan clan. I guarantee in the name of Fang clan that as long as you</p>
<p>surrender and cede a portion of your territories, my Fang clan will not ask for your Immortal Gu,</p>
<p>or kill any of you.” Fang Gong said.</p>
<p>Their conditions were actually so lax.</p>
<p>“We won!!” Fang Leng and Fang Yun were already starting to cheer in joy.</p>
<p>The Fang clan immortals did not object to Fang Gong’s surrender terms.</p>
<p>Fang clan had already discussed this, if this kind of situation happened, they would persuade</p>
<p>Wan clan to surrender.</p>
<p>If Wan clan surrendered, it would be extremely beneficial to Fang clan.</p>
<p>Once Wan clan admitted their defeat, Fang clan could righteously occupy a portion of Wan</p>
<p>clan’s territories.</p>
<p>Wan clan would no longer have a righteous cause to rally the other super forces to organize</p>
<p>another anti-Fang alliance.</p>
<p>Naturally, Wan clan’s headquarters and some important resource points would be given back to</p>
<p>Wan clan.</p>
<p>But for Fang clan, the overall gains were absolutely much larger than losses.</p>
<p>“Lord Lu Wei Yin, looks like Fang clan has won.”</p>
<p>“Naturally. Just look at who is supporting them!”</p>
<p>Two rockman Gu Immortals were standing beside Lu Wei Yin, showing a prideful smile at this</p>
<p>sight.</p>
<p>But Lu Wei Yin was frowning as he sensed something amiss.</p>
<p>“These two Heavenly Court Gu Immortals still have such a relaxed expression, looks like things</p>
<p>are not so simple!”</p>
<p>Heavenly Court’s Zhou Xiong Xin and Wan Zi Hong had an indifferent expression with an</p>
<p>anticipating gaze.</p>
<p>Suddenly, a woman’s voice rang out from Myriad Age Building: ”Fang clan’s descendants are</p>
<p>really amazing, your strategy is also comprehensive, but is my Wan clan so easily bullied?”</p>
<p>Fang clan’s immortals were bewildered.</p>
<p>At this crucial moment, this strange female voice actually spoke as Wan clan’s representative,</p>
<p>who was she?</p>
<p>Did Heavenly Court interfere?</p>
<p>But Fang clan knew the information about Wan Zi Hong, and this was not her voice.</p>
<p>“Fairy, may I ask for your name? This is a fight between Fang clan and Wan clan.” Fang Gong</p>
<p>frowned, asking inquisitively.</p>
<p>“Hahaha!” The mysteriously female immortal laughed loudly. Her voice was hoarse and</p>
<p>unpleasant, but it was filled with complete confidence.</p>
<p>Following the laughter, a vast rank eight aura spread out.</p>
<p>“As wind, dust, and flowers scatter,</p>
<p>People and eras change beyond recognition.</p>
<p>As the frigid bells of time shatter,</p>
<p>None can dispel the sorrow of myriad ages!”</p>
<p>As the recital ended, heaven and earth turned dark.</p>
<p>Cold mournful wind and bleak clouds filled the sky.</p>
<p>Inside several li of radius, all living beings including Gu Immortals of both sides felt an intense</p>
<p>sorrow attacking their minds.</p>
<p>Sorrow, sorrow, and more sorrow!</p>
<p>Dejection, disappointment, depression, worry... all kinds of negative emotions made the people</p>
<p>shed tears, their hearts felt stifled and suffocated.</p>
<p>Fang clan’s six Immortal Gu Houses surrounding Myriad Age Building became unsteady as they</p>
<p>started shaking, almost falling down.</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang, who was inside Thought Expelling Pavilion, was half-kneeling. His expression</p>
<p>was distorted as he resisted Wan clan’s terrifying killer move with all his strength, blood seeping</p>
<p>out of his mouth and nose!</p>
<p>Fang Gong barely managed to resist, retreating in panic as he exclaimed: ”You are Wan Gu</p>
<p>Chou[1. Her name makes up the ’sorrow of myriad ages’ in the poem.]?!”</p>
<p>In just a short few moments, more wrinkles appeared on his face, he was growing old rapidly as</p>
<p>close to one hundred years were extracted from his lifespan!</p>
<p>“Retreat....” Fang Di Chang said with much difficulty.</p>
<p>Fang clan’s six Immortal Gu Houses retreated in panic.</p>
<p>The alliance immortals who had already retreated to the edge of the battlefield were</p>
<p>dumbfounded at this sight.</p>
<p>“Wan Gu Chou?! Isn’t that the strongest peak rank eight female immortal in Wan clan’s history?”</p>
<p>“When she was alive, Wan clan almost dominated the whole Western Desert!”</p>
<p>“She lived for ten thousand years, Myriad Age Building was created by her.”</p>
<p>“She is actually alive?!”</p>
<p>“Right, this is very likely to be Heavenly Court’s move.”</p>
<p>“It must be her! Her move, everlasting sorrow, is famous throughout the history, only she who</p>
<p>cultivates both time path and wisdom path can use it. And she is the only one who can amplify</p>
<p>this move to such a terrifying degree through Myriad Age Building!”</p>
<p>“This move already possesses the flair of pseudo venerable level!!”</p>
<p>The immortals were shaken.</p>
<p>Wan Gu Chou stopped the killer move as she said to the alliance Gu Immortals: ”Are you still</p>
<p>not making a move?”</p>
<p>The immortals understood at once, they charged over with a battle cry.</p>
<p>Fang clan was struck by everlasting sorrow killer move, the sorrowful and depressive feelings</p>
<p>were hard to get rid of, they could not even use twenty percent of their battle strength and had</p>
<p>to retreat in defeat.</p>
<p>Under Myriad Age Building’s lead, the alliance army gave chase.</p>
<p>The immortals first destroyed Smoke Wave Building, then destroyed Thought Expelling Pavilion.</p>
<p>To save Fang Di Chang who was in Thought Expelling Pavilion, Fang Gong and the other</p>
<p>immortals were forced to make a move.</p>
<p>After a deadly battle, Fang Di Chang was rescued, but Fang clan paid a disastrous price for this.</p>
<p>Their most exceptional Immortal Gu House Fallen Flower Hall was destroyed, Fang Dong Xi</p>
<p>and Fang An Lei, these two elite rank sevens, died in the battle.</p>
<p>Finally, Fang clan brought the remaining three damaged Immortal Gu Houses and left the</p>
<p>battlefield.</p>
    </body>
</html>