<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2261: New Anti-Fang Alliance</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2261: New Anti-Fang Alliance</h1>
        <p>Wang Xiao Er woke up from his sleep.</p>
<p>“Wasn’t I imprisoned? Where am I now?” Wang Xiao Er was puzzled, he found that he was in a</p>
<p>vast wasteland.</p>
<p>“Quickly, escape!”</p>
<p>“Escape, escape!”</p>
<p>A large wave of humans suddenly surged out.</p>
<p>Crack!</p>
<p>With a loud sound, lightning struck the ground.</p>
<p>Following that, the earth and mountains shook. Explosions occurred loudly as the ground began</p>
<p>to collapse.</p>
<p>In ten or so breaths of time, the surrounding ten li of area had become a giant crater.</p>
<p>The crater enclosed all the people including Wang Xiao Er.</p>
<p>Wang Xiao Er was dazed as he was sandwiched between the crowd.</p>
<p>The surrounding people were in disorder and panic, Wang Xiao Er also had the same feelings.</p>
<p>He did not know what happened.</p>
<p>Before this, he was captured by Fang Dong Xi in Sand Heap blessed land. Fang Dong Xi soul</p>
<p>searched him and obtained information regarding Hu Land.</p>
<p>During the contest over Sand Heap blessed land, Fang Dong Xi lost his soul cores. Fortunately,</p>
<p>Fang Dong Xi captured Wang Xiao Er and obtained the secret information regarding Hu Land.</p>
<p>Fang Dong Xi used this precious information to make up for his mistake. On the other hand, he</p>
<p>also learned of the peculiarity of Wang Xiao Er’s body.</p>
<p>Fang Dong Xi imprisoned Wang Xiao Er in his immortal aperture, and specially constructed an</p>
<p>underground prison. He studied and experimented on Wang Xiao Er’s body many times, but still</p>
<p>did not understand what was going on with Wang Xiao Er’s body.</p>
<p>“All of you, shut up!” A figure suddenly appeared in the sky.</p>
<p>Wang Xiao Er and others looked up.</p>
<p>“Your ancestor Fang Dong Xi has already died in battle, everything is now all my, Xiao Ye Hu’s,</p>
<p>property. You are also my captives! Stay here, I will make sure you live a life worse than death if</p>
<p>you dare to escape!”</p>
<p>Xiao Ye Hu’s expression was cold and malevolent.</p>
<p>The chaotic crowd was shivering like a cicada under his threat.</p>
<p>Fang Dong Xi and Fang An Lei died in battle to protect Fang Di Chang. They were both rank</p>
<p>seven Gu Immortals, their immortal apertures landed on the ground and opened its door to</p>
<p>absorb heaven and earth qi, becoming an unowned blessed land.</p>
<p>Xiao Ye Hu took the chance to enter and plunder his battle spoils.</p>
<p>But the plundered resources did not satisfy Xiao Ye Hu.</p>
<p>His loss was extremely severe, his Immortal Gu House Chamber Pot was destroyed by Fang</p>
<p>Gong. Even emptying Fang Dong Xi’s immortal aperture only made up for a meager amount of</p>
<p>the losses.</p>
<p>“This won’t do, Wan clan must give me an answer!” Xiao Ye Hu’s expression was unsightly.</p>
<p>After he stabilized Dong Xi blessed land’s situation, he quickly left to look for Wan clan.</p>
<p>At this time, the anti-Fang alliance had already succeeded in regaining Wan clan headquarters</p>
<p>blessed land.</p>
<p>The anti-Fang alliance immortals were resting here for the moment.</p>
<p>Xiao Ye Hu came before a hall, he restrained his unsightly expression and said loudly: ”Senior</p>
<p>Wan Gu Chou, junior Xiao Ye Hu is here as Xiao clan’s representative. Please meet me, we</p>
<p>need to discuss some matters.”</p>
<p>Times had changed.</p>
<p>Wan Gu Chou suddenly revived and defeated Fang clan. Her impressive might shook the whole</p>
<p>of Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world.</p>
<p>In front of such an expert, Xiao Ye Hu had to restrain himself.</p>
<p>Soon, Xiao Ye Hu received permission. He entered the hall and saw Wan Gu Chou sitting on</p>
<p>the main seat.</p>
<p>Wan Gu Chou was wearing a white garment, her hair was silvery white, she looked quite old.</p>
<p>Wan Hao Guang was standing to her left, with Wan Xiao on her right.</p>
<p>“Hehehe.” She looked at Xiao Ye Hu and laughed, her laughter was hoarse and terrifying:</p>
<p>“Junior from Xiao clan, you came at the right time. I have something to discuss with you. Take a</p>
<p>seat and wait for a while.”</p>
<p>“Okay.” Xiao Ye Hu did not dare to refute, he chose a seat to sit.</p>
<p>After a short while, other anti-Fang alliance Gu Immortals were also invited into the hall.</p>
<p>Even Heavenly Court’s two Gu Immortals Wan Zi Hong and Zhou Xiong Xin were present.</p>
<p>Wan Gu Chou looked around and said: ”Although Fang clan was defeated, they stole many of</p>
<p>my clan’s resource points. My Wan clan is unable to pay the price agreed upon with your clans.”</p>
<p>“But, this is a huge opportunity for us.”</p>
<p>“Fang clan suffered a heavy loss, their strength has fallen sharply. As long as we give chase,</p>
<p>Fang clan will not be able to defend. They have fallen to the demonic path, we must get rid of</p>
<p>them! At that time, we will all get a share of the battle spoils.”</p>
<p>The immortals felt a chill as they listened.</p>
<p>This Wan Gu Chou was extremely shameless, directly saying she did not have a way to pay</p>
<p>them, forcing the anti-Fang alliance to continue fighting.</p>
<p>Her methods were also vicious, she wanted to follow up the victory by giving chase and</p>
<p>eradicating Fang clan.</p>
<p>But this was indeed a good opportunity.</p>
<p>The immortals were moved.</p>
<p>Fang clan sold a large number of Wan clan’s resource points, but sold very few of their own</p>
<p>resource points. Their foundation was still there.</p>
<p>Now was the perfect time to beat them down.</p>
<p>‘Wan clan is sinister, they deliberately concealed Wan Gu Chou and kept us in dark.’</p>
<p>‘Wan Gu Chou kept on hiding, she only made a move when we crumbled. And with just one</p>
<p>move, she defeated Fang clan, creating the current situation which is the most favorable to Wan</p>
<p>clan!’</p>
<p>‘On the surface, Wan clan transacted the most with Xiao clan; in reality, their biggest</p>
<p>collaborator is Heavenly Court!’</p>
<p>None of the immortals here were stupid, they had already realized the situation.</p>
<p>If Wan Gu Chou had made a move earlier, even if the anti-Fang alliance defeated Fang clan,</p>
<p>most of the battle merits would belong to the alliance Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>But Wan Gu Chou made a move only at the final juncture, immediately revitalizing Wan clan’s</p>
<p>prestige. The alliance immortals did not have the qualification to talk of their merits or</p>
<p>shamelessly ask for payment.</p>
<p>“We need to eradicate evil completely. Fang clan broke the rules, what rights does such a</p>
<p>demonic super clan have to continue existing in Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world?”</p>
<p>“I agree with Senior Wan Gu Chou’s plan.”</p>
<p>“But we should discuss how we distribute the spoils.”</p>
<p>The immortals had participated in the previous large battle, they all suffered losses; some</p>
<p>needed to urgently make up for it, like Xiao Ye Hu. Some thought since they had to undergo</p>
<p>danger, they might as well reap benefits.</p>
<p>Seeing the Gu Immortals expressing their agreement, Wan Gu Chou looked at the two</p>
<p>Heavenly Court Gu Immortals: ”Heavenly Court has been the leader of humanity since ancient</p>
<p>times, the banner of the righteous path. We will need your help in this battle.”</p>
<p>Wan Gu Chou was deeply aware: Compared to Western Desert’s Gu Immortals, Heavenly</p>
<p>Court’s financial support was much more important.</p>
<p>Without Heavenly Court’s support, Wan clan had no way to attack Fang clan.</p>
<p>Wan clan would have to pay a lot to collaborate with Heavenly Court, but the gains were also</p>
<p>equally great.</p>
<p>Wan Gu Chou herself was revived by Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Right now, a lot of her rank eight time path Immortal Gu were lent by Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Even her everlasting sorrow killer move was personally modified by Star Constellation Immortal</p>
<p>Venerable!</p>
<p>Zhou Xiong Xin and Wan Zi Hong glanced at each other, all the development so far did not</p>
<p>exceed Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s calculations.</p>
<p>This was also the moment that these two Heavenly Court immortals were waiting for.</p>
<p>At the next moment, Zhou Xiong Xin stood up: ”Friends of Western Desert, it is my Heavenly</p>
<p>Court duty to eliminate the demonic path, we are very happy to support you.”</p>
<p>“Right now, Fang clan’s calamity is before them. Why did they have such guts to attack the</p>
<p>alliance? The true root issue is not Fang clan but Eastern Sea’s Heaven Refining Demon</p>
<p>Venerable!”</p>
<p>“Heavenly Court is willing to continue to support you, but our condition is that you are not</p>
<p>allowed to join the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance!”</p>
<p>The hall fell into silence as Gu Immortals looked at each other.</p>
<p>Wan Gu Chou broke the silence: ”My Wan clan agrees!”</p>
<p>Wan clan had already become Heavenly Court’s supporter through the anti-Fang battle.</p>
<p>Wan Gu Chou spoke: ”Friend Xiao Ye Hu, what do you think?”</p>
<p>Xiao Ye Hu’s expression was quite unsightly. Wan Gu Chou intentionally picked his name and</p>
<p>forced him into a corner. He had no choice but to state his position.</p>
<p>He snorted coldly: ”I, Xiao Ye Hu, am obviously not willing to associate with the demonic path,</p>
<p>but that is just my individual stance. How can I casually represent my Xiao clan in agreeing to</p>
<p>this? I have to ask for guidance from my Xiao clan’s first supreme elder!”</p>
<p>It was a delaying tactic.</p>
<p>But Zhou Xiong Xin had already expected it: ”Then, Xiao Ye Hu, please contact your clan’s</p>
<p>leading Gu Immortals right now. I believe that the difference between righteous and demonic is</p>
<p>deeply rooted in people’s hearts. Xiao clan is one of the role models of Western Desert’s</p>
<p>righteous path, you will not make a mistake in this major matter.”</p>
<p>Wan Gu Chou immediately nodded, echoing Heavenly Court immortals: ”Let’s do it like this,</p>
<p>friends, please ask for guidance from your clan’s leaders, and we will then discuss the matter of</p>
<p>the distribution of spoils.”</p>
<p>She pretended to be tolerant: ”If any clan is not willing, we will not criticize them. In this</p>
<p>anti-Fang battle, you do not have any merits but you worked hard. If you don’t want to continue</p>
<p>in anti-Fang alliance, my Wan clan will bid you farewell and won’t make things difficult for you.”</p>
<p>The immortals cursed inwardly.</p>
<p>They had not gotten any payment, or maybe only a small portion of it.</p>
<p>If they did not agree to Heavenly Court’s condition, Wan Gu Chou was going to drive them away</p>
<p>from the anti-Fang alliance.</p>
<p>Only if they were in anti-Fang alliance could they get their payment as well as the battle spoils in</p>
<p>the upcoming battle against Fang clan.</p>
<p>A while later.</p>
<p>The Gu Immortals finished asking for instructions. No one left.</p>
<p>Under the pressure of righteousness, Western Desert’s super clans could not risk going against</p>
<p>the public opinion and leave the alliance.</p>
<p>Moreover, if they left the alliance at this point, they could not get any benefits.</p>
<p>Fang clan was like a piece of fat meat that lured these colossal vultures.</p>
<p>“Good, friends, you have not let me down!” Wan Gu Chou stood up and said with a smile.</p>
<p>Right now, a new opportunity lied before her.</p>
<p>She was now the alliance leader of the anti-Fang alliance. As long as she led the alliance and</p>
<p>defeated Fang clan, her reputation would rise to the peak of Western Desert’s Gu Immortal</p>
<p>world.</p>
<p>At that time, she would be like Wu Yong, becoming the publicly recognized leader of the</p>
<p>Western Desert Gu Immortal world.</p>
<p>Zhou Xiong Xin and Wan Zi Hong were smiling.</p>
<p>This was all within Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s calculations.</p>
<p>It was very advantageous for Heavenly Court to help Wan Gu Chou become the leader of</p>
<p>Western Desert.</p>
<p>“Fang Yuan is number one in Gu refinement, but how can he be Star Constellation Immortal</p>
<p>Venerable’s match in terms of methods?” Zhou Xiong Xin laughed inwardly.</p>
<p>The very day, Wan Gu Chou announced the establishment of new anti-Fang alliance.</p>
<p>With the revival of this strongest expert of Wan clan, the situation of the whole Western Desert</p>
<p>Gu Immortal world changed suddenly.</p>
<p>Almost all the Gu Immortals of the five regions were paying close attention to it.</p>
<p>“This contest ended in Heavenly Court’s victory.”</p>
<p>“Fang clan is in danger!”</p>
<p>“I did not expect Heavenly Court to be able to revive other Gu Immortals and not just their own</p>
<p>Heavenly Court members.”</p>
<p>“The big picture is still in under the control of the venerables.”</p>
<p>“If Fang Yuan were to make a move, this Wan Gu Chou will only be a minor joke!”</p>
<p>“Hmph, Fang Yuan can make a move, but can’t Star Constellation Immortal Venerable do the</p>
<p>same?”</p>
<p>“Haha, it’s best if the two venerables fight, then Ancestor Giant Sun can reap the benefits of their conflict.”</p>
    </body>
</html>