<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2278: Pursuing the Rank Nine Immortal Gu</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2278: Pursuing the Rank Nine Immortal Gu</h1>
        <p>This change had occurred too quickly.</p>
<p>Even the three venerables could not take action in time.</p>
<p>Their original plan was to wait for Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to go down with the sun, until they were both greatly weakened. Because Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was following his instincts now, he would also want to survive naturally. Thus, if he got badly injured, he would escape.</p>
<p>At this time, the three venerables would target the greatly weakened Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>In the contest of three venerables, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was a huge uncertainty. There was still a chance of him regaining his sanity, thus, the three venerables were in agreement that this uncertainty should be killed first.</p>
<p>Like during the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable decided to cooperate to kill all the pseudo venerables first.</p>
<p>But out of their expectations, the sun actually exploded first.</p>
<p>Different from what everyone thought, the sun actually contained two rank nine Immortal Gu and one mysterious legendary immemorial desolate beast.</p>
<p>The sun’s foundation far exceeded their expectations.</p>
<p>With this foundation and the fact that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was not sane, it should be very hard to deal with, he would be the one to escape first.</p>
<p>But the issue was that the legendary immemorial desolate beast that hid inside the sun got shocked and escaped.</p>
<p>Not only did it run away, it even brought a rank nine Immortal Gu with it.</p>
<p>Once this Immortal Gu was taken, the sun lacked a core and its stable condition quickly destabilized spontaneous.</p>
<p>“No matter how strong a Gu house is, it can still be easily broken from the inside.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sighed as she thought of a logic in the Gu world.</p>
<p>This abrupt change disrupted her plan.</p>
<p>Among the three venerables, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was the one who wanted to kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable the most.</p>
<p>Because she understood the threat that he held towards Heavenly Court!</p>
<p>Originally, she wanted to give in and accept some losses to lure the other two venerables into attacking Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and killing him. But to think that this happened.</p>
<p>Fire Gu was a legendary Immortal Gu recorded in &lt;&lt;The Legends of Ren Zu&gt;&gt;, it was rank nine but got devoured by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>Forget about that for now, but the mysterious legendary immemorial desolate beast also brought away a rank nine Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>It had to be pursued.</p>
<p>A rank nine Immortal Gu was concerned, while a legendary immemorial beast was not hard to deal with for a venerable.</p>
<p>Because it was too easy to succeed, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had to race against time now.</p>
<p>There were three venerables in the world, she did not want the Immortal Gu to end up with the other venerables.</p>
<p>“Be careful, fire is raining down like a storm.” Fairy Bai Qing was the first to alert the others.</p>
<p>“Oh no, what do we do?” Rainbow Butterfly Immortal Concubine looked at the sky and saw countless flames descending, she felt lost and helpless.</p>
<p>These flames were too high ranked.</p>
<p>Bright light glorious ring fire made up most of these flames, this was the heaven flame of the three flames in the world, it was a rank nine fire path immortal material!</p>
<p>One had to be a rank eight fire path great expert at least to deal with it.</p>
<p>But in the sky above Central Continent, there was a colossal immortal formation.</p>
<p>Central Continent’s Gu Immortals wanted to defend the formation so they had to deal with these flames.</p>
<p>“Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, please give us the orders.” Shi Lei shouted loudly.</p>
<p>Star Constellation sighed softly as she left behind her will and some rank nine immortal essence, controlling Embroidered Tower to deal with the situation here.</p>
<p>But her main body had left already, heading for the two heavens.</p>
<p>Eastern Sea.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was currently using investigative methods to observe the five regions.</p>
<p>“With the collapse of the sun, countless immortal materials are scattered everywhere. Among them, the light path resources are mostly flying around in the two heavens while the fire path resources are scattered onto the five regions.”</p>
<p>“Fire rain is most common in Western Desert while least common in Eastern Sea.”</p>
<p>The reason was simple.</p>
<p>Conflict of dao marks.</p>
<p>In the five regions, Eastern Sea had the most water path dao marks, while Western Desert had the most fire path dao marks. Thus, the fire rain preferred to target Western Desert instead.</p>
<p>“These flames are top tier resources, if they are gathered to a certain size, they can be made into fire path resource points.”</p>
<p>“Especially the bright light glorious ring fire, this rank nine immortal material is extremely rare and barely found anywhere. It is a prime opportunity to gain a huge amount of it now, I need to make use of this.”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan immediately ordered his Gu Immortals to head to various locations to collect the fire path resources.</p>
<p>But regrettably, he had the most water path Gu Immortals and only a few fire path Gu Immortals, not to mention rank eight fire path cultivators.</p>
<p>Regarding this, Fang Yuan used his will in treasure yellow heaven to make an announcement:</p>
<p>“Good news, good news! The Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance is holding an event!”</p>
<p>“Anyone who collects enough fire path immortal materials can exchange them with us for alliance contribution points.”</p>
<p>“If you collect enough alliance contribution points, you will be able to join the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance officially, it will not cost you resource points!”</p>
<p>“After joining the alliance, you will also retain the contribution points from exchanging immortal materials.”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s will tossed out a list that wrote the details of each exchange clearly. Bright light glorious ring fire was listed at the top, it could exchange for the most contribution points.</p>
<p>The Gu Immortals of the world heard the announcement and instantly became moved.</p>
<p>Originally, joining the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance required resource points, but now, all they had to do was to collect fire path immortal materials.</p>
<p>For the bulk of the Gu Immortals, the entry requirement fell once again.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s will added: ”This event will only last for a short while, the fastest ones will gain the most, once I collect enough fire path immortal materials, this event will end immediately.”</p>
<p>“Fire path immortal material? What a pity, other than the bright light glorious ring fire, if I go to collect the other fire path immortal materials, the gains will be lower than just collecting heaven path immortal materials.” In the two heavens, Shen Shang was busy scavenging for resources.</p>
<p>“Are we not pursuing Fang clan anymore?”</p>
<p>“For what? Let Heavenly Court’s Zhou Xiong Xin do it. Let’s quickly collect these fire path immortal materials, we can use some ourselves while selling the rest to Great Love Immortal Venerable. This opportunity will not knock twice!”</p>
<p>More and more Gu Immortals in Western Desert started to move out.</p>
<p>Southern Border.</p>
<p>Wu Yong led Wu clan’s Gu Immortals as they started to move around with lightning speed.</p>
<p>Benefits tempted everyone, a large number of Gu Immortals in the five regions were mobilized by Fang Yuan as a result.</p>
<p>As for Fang Yuan, he personally headed into the two heavens.</p>
<p>The destruction of the sun also affected his plan. Originally, he wanted to wait for Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and the sun to both get weakened. If his refinement of heavenly secret Gu succeeded in time, he would be able to gain some benefits from Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>But now, he had to refine heavenly secret Gu while keeping up with the facade.</p>
<p>Thus, he had to enter the two heavens and pretend that he was trying to go after the rank nine Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>This was the normal reaction and behavior that he should have.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable were brilliant people, Fang Yuan had to do this to avoid exposing himself.</p>
<p>After the sun was destroyed, the five regions became dim.</p>
<p>Mortal Gu Masters were fearful and shocked while other lifeforms also panicked, the crying and growling of beasts and birds could be heard everywhere.</p>
<p>This was an unprecedented change!</p>
<p>A large scale panic was unavoidable.</p>
<p>Starlight flickered randomly as a legendary immemorial desolate beast charged out while bathed in blood.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was the first to arrive, she waved her hand as the blood and scales that were left in the air gathered in her hands.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable quickly made deductions with her wisdom path immortal killer move.</p>
<p>“This is You Tian Guang?!” She quickly deduced the identity of this legendary immemorial beast, she felt a little shocked.</p>
<p>You Tian Guang and Zuo Ye Hui had once terrorized the five regions, they whipped up a bloody storm. They were extremely crafty, they worked together and whenever a Demon Venerable or Immortal Venerable was alive, they would hide and not show up.</p>
<p>But eventually, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable brought peace to the world and killed You Tian Guang.</p>
<p>This was recorded in history.</p>
<p>“But You Tian Guang is actually alive, did it fake its death?”</p>
<p>“Could it fake its death in front of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable? Or does that mean... this is part of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s arrangement?”</p>
<p>At this moment, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable thought of many things.</p>
<p>The situation had gotten quite mysterious and complex.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable pursued the beast while analyzing to herself.</p>
<p>The more she thought about it, the more she felt that this was Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s move!</p>
<p>According to the situation in Crazed Demon Cave, originally, once Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable revived, he would become a heaven path venerable. That would allow him to gain an immense advantage in the two heavens. Especially after he refines all the heaven path dao marks in the two heavens, he would be able to control all the heaven vein nodes.</p>
<p>By then, Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven would be greatly threatened by him!</p>
<p>The sun was also a heaven vein node.</p>
<p>Back then, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable intentionally placed You Tian Guang inside the sun as an arrangement for him to capture the sun in the future.</p>
<p>“Thankfully, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable is dead now. From this aspect, I should thank Fang Yuan instead?” The moment Star Constellation Immortal Venerable thought of Fang Yuan, he appeared before her.</p>
<p>“Friend Star Constellation, we meet again.” Fang Yuan smiled as he greeted.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly internally but she showed a kind smile on her face, her demeanor was extremely elegant.</p>
<p>The two had a warm attitude but their movements did not slow down, instead, they moved even faster.</p>
<p>The two venerables were guarded against each other as they attacked You Tian Guang.</p>
<p>This You Tian Guang had human form, its back was bent and its forearms were long, there was a horn on its head and its body was covered in scales that resembled countless mirrors that reflected light in all directions.</p>
<p>Under the pursuit of both venerables, You Tian Guang actually managed to escape time and again.</p>
<p>“As I expected, You Tian Guang brought away rank nine light Gu! It has not been refined yet, this is still a wild Immortal Gu.” Fang Yuan noticed the peculiarity.</p>
<p>He sighed internally.</p>
<p>Inside sovereign immortal aperture, the refinement of heavenly secret Immortal Gu had reached a crucial moment.</p>
<p>He did not want to go after this rank nine light Gu.</p>
<p>If he obtained it, the two venerables would attack him in a frenzy to try and snatch it.</p>
<p>After all, a rank nine Immortal Gu was able to break the balance between the three venerables!</p>
<p>Nobody wanted this Immortal Gu to end up in another’s hands.</p>
<p>But Fang Yuan had to say what he had to say: ”You Tian Guang, I am best friends with your master Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable. After he died, he gave his inheritance to me but did not have time to tell me about you. Quickly leave with me, I will ensure your safety!”</p>
<p>You Tian Guang coughed out blood while shouting: ”That old bastard Paradise Earth, I was almost beaten to death by him, it took all my effort to hide in the sun to recuperate. I only managed to recover a little after sleeping for so many years. He did this to me, I will definitely not submit to you!”</p>
<p>“That means this is not Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s arrangement?” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was slightly stunned, she could sense You Tian Guang’s emotions, it was not lying.</p>
<p>“You Tian Guang was able to escape by faking death in front of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, it is quite amazing.” Light Emperor who was hiding nearby thought to himself.</p>
<p>He was hiding inside a black cloud, at this moment, he did not want to dazzle anyone.</p>
    </body>
</html>