<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2280: Fang Yuan Takes A Risk</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2280: Fang Yuan Takes A Risk</h1>
        <p>The appearance of Light Emperor stunned Fang Yuan and Star Constellation.</p>
<p>They did not expect that someone would be able to hide from right under their noses.</p>
<p>“This person has a profound luck path method on him, he must be related to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable!” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s pupils shrunk as the star fog quickly gathered.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan also made his move as he attacked Light Emperor.</p>
<p>Light Emperor’s eyes were staring wide open as he screamed internally: ”What does this have to do with me?! Why are they attacking me, I was just passing by!”</p>
<p>But immediately after, he turned around and saw that wild rank nine light Gu shining in white light, as it came towards him with You Tian Guang.</p>
<p>“I...” Light Emperor wanted to cry, he understood the situation now.</p>
<p>The wild rank nine light Gu had an intense instinct for survival, it stayed with You Tian Guang because this legendary immemorial beast had a lot of light path dao marks that made it have a familiar feeling, there was also the fact that You Tian Guang was not strong enough to refine it.</p>
<p>But in the hands of a venerable, the situation would be different!</p>
<p>Light Emperor opened the only crack in the star fog, he was also a light path cultivator who only had rank eight aura, the wild light Gu naturally came to him as an avenue of survival.</p>
<p>“Father, save me!” At the moment of life and death, Light Emperor shouted loudly.</p>
<p>“Son, don’t worry.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable flew towards them from afar, he was getting closer rapidly.</p>
<p>Before he arrived, his killer move had already appeared, blocking Fang Yuan’s offensive method.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan did not have enough thoughts now, his offensive methods were not as agile as usual, otherwise, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would not have such an easy time blocking him.</p>
<p>Of course, this was not strange in the eyes of the two venerables.</p>
<p>In this fight between three venerables, it was understandable for Fang Yuan to save his thoughts in case of emergencies.</p>
<p>After all, they thought that he had the least immortal essence.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly, she had already recognized Light Emperor now, she immediately used the star fog to pursue him and shorten the distance between them.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable activated his killer move again, golden aurora appeared behind Light Emperor and blocked the star fog.</p>
<p>“Could I have escaped on my own? I’m afraid that I would have to use rank nine light Gu’s power to get away from them! Oh father, you almost did me in.”</p>
<p>Light Emperor was a resolute person, thinking of this, he gritted his teeth and turned around, grabbing at You Tian Guang.</p>
<p>“If you don’t want to die, come with me!” Light Emperor shouted as he brought You Tian Guang and the wild light Gu with him, escaping towards Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>You Tian Guang was on the brink of death, it was currently in a stupor and unable to resist as Light Emperor brought it away with him.</p>
<p>Furthermore, because they were both light path cultivators, they were naturally close.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable stomped her feet as her body flew forward like a ray of starlight. Midway, she tossed with her hand, Star Constellation Chessboard flew out.</p>
<p>At the other end, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable approached and opened his immortal aperture’s entrance, Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace flew out.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Chessboard had countless pieces shooting out like a storm.</p>
<p>Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace sent out a wave-like golden aurora that shielded Light Emperor and prevented him from getting killed by those pieces.</p>
<p>But a large number of pieces still moved agilely as they attacked him.</p>
<p>Light Emperor struggled intensely, his expression was malevolent.</p>
<p>Facing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s attacks, he dodged from side to side, when he could not evade some pieces, he would endure the impact.</p>
<p>Thankfully, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s attack was already weakened by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s golden aurora to a large extent. Light Emperor had pseudo venerable battle strength after all, he only suffered heavy injuries with blood flowing out of his mouth and nose, but his speed remained the same.</p>
<p>“Persevere!” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable shouted, this situation was quite urgent, his son’s life was at stake, he used his full strength as a result.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable gritted her teeth, she felt immense pressure from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable who was using his full strength.</p>
<p>Seeing that Light Emperor was about to escape, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable fought intensely while shouting at Fang Yuan: ”Great Love Immortal Venerable, how long are you going to continue watching?!”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had only made some moves after Giant Sun Immortal Venerable appeared, he did not use his full strength.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was quite displeased with this.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan holding back meant a huge threat to her.</p>
<p>If Fang Yuan and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable were colluding now in a set up against Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, she could not use her full strength against Giant Sun, otherwise, Fang Yuan would sneak attack her while she was unguarded.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was feeling quite troubled now.</p>
<p>He had already done his best!</p>
<p>The refinement of heavenly secret Gu had reached the most difficult part, he had to use a lot of thoughts and concentration on it.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan excelled in the defensive aspect of wisdom path, in terms of thought production, he could not match Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. But his compound killer moves had a huge requirement for the number of thoughts.</p>
<p>“Persevere.” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth while urging himself on.</p>
<p>“Giant Sun, take this!” At the same time, Fang Yuan shouted as he flew towards Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan did not use any offensive method, he only adjusted the movement killer move that he had been maintaining.</p>
<p>But simply this small movement made Star Constellation Immortal Venerable let out a sigh of relief, while Giant Sun Immortal Venerable became alerted.</p>
<p>This was because Fang Yuan went away from Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and approached Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, it reduced her wariness towards him.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable also had to save his son from two venerables, he felt immense pressure.</p>
<p>He shouted loudly and activated more trump card killer moves.</p>
<p>For example, this current method — Poor Luck Silver Hook!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s pupils contracted as he sensed a killer move approaching, the wind-light-fire-lightning wheels below his feet rotated rapidly as he instantly left the area.</p>
<p>At the next moment, a pure silver curved hook appeared at the spot that he was previously in.</p>
<p>The hook only appeared for a moment before vanishing again.</p>
<p>It was so fast it seemed like an illusion.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan continued to move around like a phantom, he did not stay at the same spot for more than a breath of time.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, the silver hook continued to appear at the spots he went to, only mere moments away from actually hitting him.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was angry that Fang Yuan was still holding back now. He had Cooking Luck Pot’s protection and could resist the silver hook to attack Light Emperor, but he chose to dodge the attacks, which was what Giant Sun Immortal Venerable wanted to see because it made Fang Yuan easier to deal with.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not know about Fang Yuan’s true circumstances after all.</p>
<p>“Giant Sun Immortal Venerable has never used this luck path killer move before, if I get hit by it, my luck will fall greatly. Right now, with the retaliation of all three venerables’ luck, it would be a detrimental blow to me!”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had a clear observation of the situation.</p>
<p>He could not use offensive methods now because most of his attention was focused on the refinement of heavenly secret Gu.</p>
<p>But the two venerables were hard to deceive, he was having a hard time putting up this show!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan used various methods and overworked his mind, but his thoughts were still falling to a dangerous level.</p>
<p>Heavenly secret Gu’s refinement used too many of his thoughts, while this battle was also quite dangerous.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan did not even want to touch the silver hook.</p>
<p>It was as if he was walking on a tightrope now!</p>
<p>If he was careless, he would fall to a miserable death.</p>
<p>At this time, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable attacked Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, relieving some of the pressure off Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Light Emperor was already very close to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable wanted to attack him but Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did everything to stop her.</p>
<p>“Fang Yuan!” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable shouted.</p>
<p>“I’ll take a gamble!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone brightly as he expended nearly all his thoughts to take a risk and activate reverse flow protection seal.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan flew forward with reverse flow protection seal like an eagle diving for its food, he went towards Light Emperor with an explosive sound.</p>
<p>“Father, save me!” Light Emperor was shocked by Fang Yuan’s momentum, he screamed for help.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable endured Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s attacks forcefully and activated a killer move, golden light shot towards Fang Yuan like a huge pillar.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan did not dodge but approached Light Emperor instead.</p>
<p>“Trying to snatch an Immortal Gu in front of me? Die!” Fang Yuan snickered with barely any thoughts left in his mind.</p>
<p>Light Emperor stared with wide eyes in terror, he gritted his teeth as his body turned stiff as a rock.</p>
<p>At the crucial moment, the wild rank nine light Gu burst out with power.</p>
<p>Blinding white light flashed in the entire battlefield.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was first hit by the white light before the golden pillar landed on him, he crashed towards the ground like a falling meteor.</p>
<p>Thoughts were produced in his mind and used in the Gu refinement, as well as sustaining his defensive killer move, he could not even use them to think.</p>
<p>After a few breaths of time, reverse flow protection seal started to become unstable.</p>
<p>If this move broke now, not only would Fang Yuan suffer huge backlash, the other venerables would also notice his issue!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was in critical danger now, if the venerables attacked him, he would have no way to resist.</p>
<p>But this was all within Fang Yuan’s plan.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable were fighting over rank nine light Gu, they could not afford to care about Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>With Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s protection, Light Emperor finally arrived at his father’s location.</p>
<p>Because Star Constellation Immortal Venerable attacked furiously, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable suffered considerable injuries, there was already blood flowing out of his mouth.</p>
<p>The two venerables faced off with sharp gazes, they collided in the air, both sides were getting serious.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable gritted his teeth but did not make any rash move.</p>
<p>He wanted to open his immortal aperture’s entrance to put Light Emperor, the fainted You Tian Guang, and wild rank nine light Gu into his rank nine immortal aperture.</p>
<p>But he knew that he could not do something like that now.</p>
<p>As time passed, inside the sovereign immortal aperture, in Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, the hairy man Gu Immortals were cheering loudly.</p>
<p>The toughest step of refining heavenly secret Gu was over, now, the refinement difficulty fell sharply, it was a smooth journey ahead.</p>
<p>The number of thoughts needed fell as well, Fang Yuan soon had enough thoughts to think.</p>
<p>He immediately realized that he was falling, he stabilized his body and flew towards Giant Sun Immortal Venerable again.</p>
<p>When he saw that Light Emperor was standing beside Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, he became anxious and shouted: ”We cannot let Giant Sun Immortal Venerable get rank nine light Gu! In the worst case, we need to destroy it.”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable snorted coldly, he looked at Fang Yuan with deep killing intent: ”Go ahead and attack, I will make sure you pay a painful price.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was silent.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan hastened the refinement of heavenly secret Immortal Gu while looking at Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, shouting with all his might: ”Star Constellation, this is a rank nine Immortal Gu!”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had a cold expression, she was very unhappy with Fang Yuan: ”If you had used your full strength, would we be in this situation?”</p>
<p>Chapter 2281: Spectral Soul’s Anguished Cry</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered with uncertainty and his expression was grim: ”I did not expect that light Gu would erupt with an attack that cooperated with the golden pillar so perfectly!”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled smugly: ”My soft gold crashing pillar was designed to counter your reverse flow protection seal, how does it feel?”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan nodded: ”This move can conceal its strength and unleash a mystical collision force on reverse flow protection seal to penetrate the Reverse Flow River, interrupting with the entire operation of the killer move.”</p>
<p>“But it is a pity that this move has not been completed yet. Otherwise, it would not have been resolved by me so easily.”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable nodded, he felt that this was a small pity, he could have given up on Light Emperor to save this killer move for the future to deal with Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would not do that.</p>
<p>He would rather expose it to save his eldest son.</p>
<p>“I was too rash, to think that a rank nine Immortal Gu would be involved.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable said to Light Emperor.</p>
<p>“Father, what’s the point of saying that now? We need to find a way to flee! My hairs are all standing on end now!” Light Emperor replied quickly, although he had returned to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s side, the battle was still ongoing, he was very alert.</p>
<p>“Didn’t you create your own light body inheritance, your entire body is covered in light path dao marks, how can you have body hair?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable asked in a peculiar tone.</p>
<p>Light Emperor rolled his eyes and retorted: ”Father, now is not the time for this! The situation is dire, we need to find a way to escape.”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable suddenly laughed out loud: ”Then we will leave!”</p>
<p>Saying so, he held Light Emperor and You Tian Guang in both hands respectively and rapidly made his move.</p>
<p>“You want to leave? Not so easy!”</p>
<p>“Giant Sun, leave the Immortal Gu behind.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Great Love Immortal Venerable attacked at the same time.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable roared and exchanged blows with the two venerables, even parts of the two heavens broke into fragments.</p>
<p>At the center of the explosion, under the terrifying force of the killer moves, nothing remained.</p>
<p>Even the fused immemorial two heavens was destroyed, turning into an area of void.</p>
<p>At the next moment, the surrounding fragments of the two heavens came rushing in like tidal waves, filling up the void.</p>
<p>Using this chance, a golden path extended over from deep within Northern Plains.</p>
<p>It was Calamity Luck Altar’s strongest method — Luck Changing Golden Light Path!</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable purposely left Calamity Luck Altar in Longevity Heaven along with his own will and rank nine immortal essence.</p>
<p>Thus, using the vast number of Longevity Heaven’s luck path dao marks, the power of luck changing golden light path rose explosively, it extended from Northern Plains to the battlefield.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable brought Light Emperor and You Tian Guang onto this path, their speed rose immensely, they went far away in just a moment.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Great Love Immortal Venerable did not let them off.</p>
<p>But their attacks were negated by each other due to the constant accidents that occurred around the golden path.</p>
<p>Even if a venerable attacked, under the chaotic situation of the fused two heavens, they were not only obstructed by soul beasts, there were black-white overturning clouds too.</p>
<p>This was the power of luck changing golden light path.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan attacked several times but nearly caused accidents to occur during heavenly secret Gu’s refinement!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had seen the power of luck changing golden light path from long ago, but this time, it was so hard to deal with because of the amplification of Longevity Heaven’s dao marks.</p>
<p>Boom!</p>
<p>Both venerables gave chase into Northern Plains, eventually, they destroyed the luck changing golden light path.</p>
<p>At this moment, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable fell along with Light Emperor and You Tian Guang down, during the entire period of time, he could not find a chance to open his immortal aperture’s entrance.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had been using his full strength to maintain the luck changing golden light path to resist the two venerables’ attacks.</p>
<p>The intensity of the battle was clear with one glance!</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable fully displayed the power of wisdom path, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had no time to do anything else. There was another reason, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not dare to let You Tian Guang into his immortal aperture.</p>
<p>The wild rank nine light Gu was inside You Tian Guang’s body, after sensing Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s rank nine aura, it was feeling very restless.</p>
<p>If Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did anything excessive, light Gu might get agitated and do something unfavorable to him.</p>
<p>Thus, he could only bring Light Emperor and You Tian Guang towards Longevity Heaven.</p>
<p>“Heavenly secret Gu’s refinement is reaching the final few steps.” Fang Yuan was very happy but he showed an anxious expression as he shouted: ”Giant Sun, leave that rank nine Immortal Gu behind! I won’t let you have it.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s eyes showed a firm light, she did not speak but her attacks were getting more intense.</p>
<p>The battle of the three venerables finally got close to Longevity Heaven.</p>
<p>Light Emperor laughed loudly as victory was in sight, he shouted: ”Father is mighty!”</p>
<p>Longevity Heaven’s immortal aperture entrance was open, at the final juncture, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable showed a grim expression, he did not dare to be careless for fear of showing a flaw.</p>
<p>The moment he stepped into the immortal aperture’s entrance, rank nine light Gu sensed something amiss, it suddenly reacted and wanted to escape.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable snorted coldly and used his prepared method to suppress it.</p>
<p>But at this moment, Fang Yuan unleashed his refinement path killer move!</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable used his defensive measure but the refinement path killer move had been prepared by Fang Yuan for a long time, it had incredible power that affected rank nine light Gu.</p>
<p>Crack.</p>
<p>With a soft sound, the surface of light Gu cracked.</p>
<p>“Oh, oh no!” Light Emperor shouted.</p>
<p>But thankfully, light Gu was only injured, it survived and was not destroyed by Fang Yuan’s attack.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable stepped into Longevity Heaven at long last, he looked at Fang Yuan angrily as he asked: ”Heaven Refining Demon Venerable! What an impressive method... what is the name of your move?”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan smiled coldly: ”You have your soft gold crashing pillar, I have my crippled refinement.”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable praised it again before looking at Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, he shut the door and vanished into thin air.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable looked at Fang Yuan with a livid expression, she reprimanded: ”Since you had the killer move crippled refinement all along, why did you not use it earlier? Giant Sun Immortal Venerable succeeded in the end!”</p>
<p>All along, she did not notice that something was off with Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, his expression was dark: ”If I had not made deductions during the battle, even that last hit would not have been possible! I managed to injure light Gu, but what about you, Star Constellation?”</p>
<p>“Hmph. If I did not stall for time, could you have achieved that?” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was very unhappy, she did not want to waste time talking to Fang Yuan, she turned around and left.</p>
<p>The entire time, neither of them chose to invade Longevity Heaven.</p>
<p>“Having your own headquarters is really convenient.” Fang Yuan sighed and left.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was heavily injured, but because of Longevity Heaven, he was unbeatable once he returned.</p>
<p>“This is true for Longevity Heaven, Heavenly Court is even more terrifying.” Fang Yuan made deductions from seeing luck changing golden light path’s strength, he could not help but feel a chill.</p>
<p>He did not stay in Northern Plains, he returned to Eastern Sea immediately.</p>
<p>The effect of obscured heavenly secret that he had was greatly expended after this intense battle, barely any was left.</p>
<p>Longevity Heaven.</p>
<p>“Father, how is light Gu?” Light Emperor was very concerned.</p>
<p>“Don’t worry, although Fang Yuan is a refinement path venerable and heavily injured light Gu, I used that opportunity to suppress it as well.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable coughed and spat out some blood.</p>
<p>“Father, are you okay?” Light Emperor asked.</p>
<p>In his memory, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was so magnificent and strong, he was an invincible existence. But now, he saw that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was tired and battered.</p>
<p>Times were different!</p>
<p>Light Emperor recalled the process and felt dejected. As a pseudo venerable, he was nothing more than a useless tool.</p>
<p>At most, he was the bait that lured light Gu.</p>
<p>In this battle, he was a burden for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable!</p>
<p>“Father, go and heal yourself.” Light Emperor was very worried, he had never seen his father with such serious injuries.</p>
<p>But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable shook his head: ”I need to watch them and make sure they leave Northern Plains, I can’t let them cause destruction or slaughter the Huang Jin tribes.”</p>
<p>Light Emperor was shocked: ”They are grand venerables, how can they act like that?”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable shook his head again: ”Star Constellation Immortal Venerable may not do it, but Fang Yuan is crafty and shameless, I cannot be sure of that. But most importantly, we obtained a rank nine Immortal Gu in this fight, the gains are just too much. You are truly my son.”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s praise made Light Emperor feel more energetic, he patted his chest and assured: ”Father, I will do my best. Cough cough!”</p>
<p>Because he patted himself too hard, he could not help but spit out some blood in response.</p>
<p>The father and son looked at each other with bitter smiles.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable waved his hand: ”You are heavily injured too, go and recuperate. We made the greatest gains this time, we need to rest now and digest our gains. Once our strength rises, we will repay them severalfold.”</p>
<p>Light Emperor hesitated: ”Father, light Gu is injured, what do we do? Even Heavenly Court spent a long time and countless resources to repair fate Gu.”</p>
<p>Speaking of this, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable frowned: ”We’ll talk about it in the future.”</p>
<p>Above Central Continent.</p>
<p>All sorts of fire path immortal materials were gathered by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and sent into Heavenly Court’s treasury.</p>
<p>“The star array calculation formation was not too badly interrupted.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was pleased about this.</p>
<p>In her case, this battle was too abrupt.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not expend much immortal essence but the gains were plentiful.</p>
<p>“Even though Giant Sun obtained rank nine light Gu, it is an injured Immortal Gu. Giant Sun cultivates luck path and blood path, he cannot use light Gu easily.”</p>
<p>“Rank nine light Gu is not derivation Gu, the latter does not need to be refined but the former needs immortal essence to be used. This will cost Giant Sun a lot of immortal essence.”</p>
<p>“It is possible that Fang Yuan created crippled refinement at the last second, but it is more likely that he did not attack because he lacked immortal essence, because it was too urgent at the end, he exposed the killer move to attempt to destroy light Gu.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable looked towards the two heavens.</p>
<p>Without the sun, both heavens were dark and dim.</p>
<p>Deep within the two heavens, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was covered in fire, he was growling in pain.</p>
<p>This was the price for swallowing rank nine fire Gu!</p>
<p>“This might be a chance.” Starlight flickered in Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s eyes, she was very concerned with Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s situation.</p>
    </body>
</html>