<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2262: Righteousness with Benefits to Gain</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2262: Righteousness with Benefits to Gain</h1>
        <p>Back in Western Desert.</p>
<p>Myriad ore desert.</p>
<p>Shi Zhong looked at the message from Shi clan with an indifferent expression.</p>
<p>“Fang clan lost. Looks like Shi Kang has another chance now.”</p>
<p>“However, Fang clan only lost two rank seven Gu Immortals and three Immortal Gu Houses,</p>
<p>they still have some battle strength left.”</p>
<p>Shi Zhong was a person who was ostracized by Shi clan, while Shi Kang was a rising star who</p>
<p>was nurtured by the clan.</p>
<p>Shi Zhong flattered Shi Kang on the surface, but was envious and hated him inwardly.</p>
<p>“Regardless of the battle results, it has nothing to do with me.”</p>
<p>“I still need to rely on myself.”</p>
<p>Shi Zhong gritted his teeth as he thought of how his recent attempt at refining wealth Immortal</p>
<p>Gu failed again.</p>
<p>The thought of asking Fang Yuan to help refine Gu flashed in his mind.</p>
<p>Shi Zhong gritted his teeth as he made a decision.</p>
<p>“Looks like I must sell some wealth mortal Gu.” Shi Zhong had not received any support, and</p>
<p>had spent almost all his assets in his attempts to refine wealth Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>He was already dirt-poor right now. He had to sell some stuff to exchange for immortal materials</p>
<p>for another attempt at Gu refinement.</p>
<p>The things he could sell were only wealth mortal Gu.</p>
<p>Although he had failed in his refinement repeatedly, he also had some gains.</p>
<p>He could not refine wealth Immortal Gu, but he had refined wealth mortal Gu.</p>
<p>Connecting to treasure yellow heaven, Shi Zhong hesitated for a long while before choosing to</p>
<p>put a dozen or so wealth mortal Gu in treasure yellow heaven.</p>
<p>Wealth mortal Gu gathered into a lump and formed a pillar of treasure light.</p>
<p>There was an abundant amount of treasure light, but these were clearly mortal Gu. Such an</p>
<p>abnormality attracted the attention of other Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>“What Gu is this, how can it form such a treasure light?” Nu Er Tu asked.</p>
<p>It had been more than a year since he advanced to a rank six Gu Immortal. Although it was due</p>
<p>to the help of Nu Er tribe, he was still a newbie rank six Gu Immortal.</p>
<p>Whenever he had time, he would connect to treasure yellow heaven and explore with his divine</p>
<p>sense to increase his knowledge.</p>
<p>Nu Er Tu was the great-grandson of Gu Immortal Nu Er Chi, he had also participated in the final</p>
<p>Imperial Court contest.</p>
<p>He was proficient in enslaving leopards and had been recognized as one of the five beast kings</p>
<p>by Northern Plains’ Gu Masters, along with Fang Yuan’s disguise of Chang Shan Yin.</p>
<p>“This is wealth Gu.” Shi Zhong replied.</p>
<p>Nu Er Tu was stunned, and asked with even more curiosity: ”Wealth Gu? Isn’t this the legendary</p>
<p>Gu recorded in &lt;&lt;The Legends of Ren Zu&gt;&gt;? But this mortal Gu...”</p>
<p>Shi Zhong snorted coldly: ”I painstakingly researched and created its mortal Gu recipe. These</p>
<p>rank five mortal Gu can turn into any rank five Gu material.”</p>
<p>Nu Er Tu’s mind shook, asking: ”Any rank five Gu material? Can it be used multiple times?”</p>
<p>Shi Zhong’s voice was softer now: ”These are one-time consumable Gu.”</p>
<p>If not for this, he would not have taken them out to sell.</p>
<p>Shi Zhong had been trying to refine immortal level wealth Gu. If he sold many wealth mortal Gu,</p>
<p>there was the risk of someone deducing its Immortal Gu recipe.</p>
<p>At that time, it would be the same as Shi Zhong creating his own rivals.</p>
<p>If he had an alternative, Shi Zhong would not sell these wealth Gu. Moreover, he was only</p>
<p>selling a dozen of these mortal Gu.</p>
<p>Nu Er Tu thought: ”These wealth Gu can only turn into any rank five Gu material, they are not</p>
<p>practical. As a Gu Immortal, which rank five Gu material can’t we get? But this involves the</p>
<p>legendary wealth Gu, it is not a bad idea to buy some for research or give to others.”</p>
<p>Nu Er Tu asked for the price, but soon, his divine sense fluctuated intensely: ”You are asking for</p>
<p>such a high price for a mortal Gu? Are you insane?”</p>
<p>Shi Zhong said: ”At first glance, using a mortal Gu to exchange for immortal materials is indeed</p>
<p>a fantasy. But just think of it, as long as you have these mortal Gu, you have the chance to</p>
<p>deduce its Immortal Gu recipe.”</p>
<p>“Just think about it, how high of a value does wealth Immortal Gu have!”</p>
<p>“I will be honest, these mortal Gu are one of a kind in this world, and it is likely that only these</p>
<p>many are left.”</p>
<p>“I also obtained these from a fortuitous encounter.”</p>
<p>“Unfortunately, I have no proficiency in Gu refinement. If not for me being lacking on funds, I</p>
<p>would not be selling them.”</p>
<p>“How much do you want? If you buy three, I can give you a discount.”</p>
<p>Shi Zhong had a glib tongue, Nu Er Tu fell into hesitation.</p>
<p>Shi Zhong’s words were reasonable.</p>
<p>But was it worth it to use a large amount of immortal materials to exchange for a hope of</p>
<p>deducing an Immortal Gu recipe?</p>
<p>Nu Er Tu was not stupid, his thoughts changed as he said: ”It is not an issue to buy two or three</p>
<p>wealth mortal Gu. But I will like to know something, where did you obtain these?”</p>
<p>Shi Zhong was immediately vigilant: ”Your question is somewhat going overboard. I don’t want</p>
<p>to get into any trouble. Moreover, if I really did what you want and gave you the information, how</p>
<p>can you confirm if it is real?”</p>
<p>“That is true.” Nu Er Tu hesitated once again.</p>
<p>Right at this time, another divine sense said excitedly: ”Wealth Gu are actually here! I will buy</p>
<p>them, I will buy all of the stock that you have.”</p>
<p>Shi Zhong responded: ”Friend, please be calm and listen to my price.”</p>
<p>The mysterious Gu Immortal stopped for a while after hearing the price, before nodding: ”Alright,</p>
<p>I want all of them!”</p>
<p>Shi Zhong was dazed, while Nu Er Tu was vigilant.</p>
<p>Shi Zhong thought, and said: ”It is not that I don’t want to sell them all to you, but you came</p>
<p>slightly late. This friend here came first and our deal is almost done.”</p>
<p>Shi Zhong did not want sell all the wealth Gu to one person. If he did that, there would be too</p>
<p>many clues, and the possibility of deducing an Immortal Gu recipe would be very high.</p>
<p>This mysterious Gu Immortal’s attitude made Shi Zong feel that something was strange.</p>
<p>Just in case, he hoped to sell some to Nu Er Tu.</p>
<p>But Nu Er Tu backed out.</p>
<p>“This mysterious Gu Immortal appeared just as I was hesitating. Is this a scheme to urge me to</p>
<p>buy some wealth Gu?”</p>
<p>Nu Er Tu had heard of such scams.</p>
<p>In the end, he gave up the notion of buying any.</p>
<p>Shi Zhong hesitated for a while, he had no choice but to sell all the wealth Gu to the mysterious</p>
<p>Gu Immortal.</p>
<p>After gathering enough immortal materials, he left treasure yellow heaven to prepare for Gu</p>
<p>refinement once again.</p>
<p>“He really sold them?” Nu Er Tu felt somewhat disappointed.</p>
<p>And that mysterious Gu Immortal left treasure yellow heaven after obtaining wealth Gu.</p>
<p>He was Spirit Butterfly Valley’s Gu Immortal Xiao Bai Hong.</p>
<p>Xiao Bai Hong handed these wealth Gu to rank five Gu Master Xiao Qi Xing who was standing</p>
<p>beside him.</p>
<p>Xiao Qi Xing was Xiao Bai Hong’s great-grandson, one of the ten children of human path who</p>
<p>obtained huge support from Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Xiao Bai Hong said: ”Qi Xing, are these wealth Gu really helpful to you?”</p>
<p>Xiao Qi Xing said: ”Great grandfather, I cultivate human path and have recently obtained a Gu</p>
<p>Immortal true inheritance by chance. This true inheritance is incomplete, but it has ten or so</p>
<p>Immortal Gu recipes of justice Gu. The most exceptional Immortal Gu recipe among them uses</p>
<p>wealth Immortal Gu as the supplementary material to refine justice Immortal Gu.”</p>
<p>“Right now, although we don’t have wealth Immortal Gu, we can modify that Immortal Gu recipe</p>
<p>based on these mortal Gu.”</p>
<p>“Once we refine justice Immortal Gu, I can use it as my vital Gu and officially become a human</p>
<p>path Gu Immortal!”</p>
<p>All of the ten children of human path were aware of the advantages of this path, thus they all</p>
<p>planned to become human path Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>But to do that, they needed a human path Gu worm as their vital Gu.</p>
<p>Xiao Qi Xing had great ambitions, he wanted to obtain rank six justice Immortal Gu and make it</p>
<p>his vital Gu.</p>
<p>If his immortal ascension went smoothly, under the ideal conditions, his vital Gu would also</p>
<p>advance to become rank seven!</p>
<p>Like that, rank six Xiao Qi Xing would have a rank seven vital Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>“Justice Gu is no doubt a human path Gu worm.”</p>
<p>“Using it together with soldier Gu, sergeant Gu, lieutenant Gu, and so on, I can use the human</p>
<p>path killer move, commander of justice!”</p>
<p>“This move may become my trump card.”</p>
<p>Xiao Qi Xing excitedly explained his cultivation plan.</p>
<p>Xiao Bai Hong laughed loudly, stroking Xiao Qi Xing’s head: ”Good, good, good, since you have</p>
<p>such lofty ambitions, I will use all our resources to lend you a hand!”</p>
<p>Southern Border, Tie clan.</p>
<p>“Good, good, good, righteousness exists in people’s hearts after all!” Tie Qu Zhong laughed</p>
<p>heartily.</p>
<p>“Lord Qu Zhong, what could make you so happy?” A female voice resounded.</p>
<p>Tie Qu Zhong looked to the side and saw a heroic looking rank five female Gu Master, he</p>
<p>smiled: ”Ah, Tie Ruo Nan. Look, this is the latest battle report about Western Desert’s Fang</p>
<p>clan.”</p>
<p>Tie Qu Zhong handed an information path mortal Gu to Tie Ruo Nan.</p>
<p>Tie Ruo Nan looked into the Gu, her expression was slightly moved: ”So this happened while</p>
<p>we were in closed cultivation inside Demon Suppression Tower.”</p>
<p>Tie Qu Zhong said: ”I already felt that Fang clan was a shoddy force, they got involved with</p>
<p>Fang Yuan, they are the shame of Western Desert’s righteous path, they don’t even have any of</p>
<p>the righteous path’s demeanor. Now, it looks like I was right! Fang clan’s members are</p>
<p>completely insane to associate with a demon like Fang Yuan. Now, they have been defeated,</p>
<p>this miserable defeat will be Fang Yuan’s outcome in the future.”</p>
<p>Tie Ruo Nan nodded: ”Since ancient times, righteousness has always triumphed over evil. The</p>
<p>demonic path can be rampant for a while, but the strength and hope of the righteous path will</p>
<p>exist in this world forever.”</p>
<p>These two had always hated Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>First, Tie clan’s behavior had always been to destroy the demonic path.</p>
<p>Second, the two hated Fang Yuan personally.</p>
<p>There was no need to speak about Tie Ruo Nan, the hatred had already incurred back in Qing</p>
<p>Mao Mountain when her father died.</p>
<p>Tie Qu Zhong had once participated in hunting down Fang Yuan, but was captured by the latter</p>
<p>and his edge Immortal Gu was stolen as well. Although he was released in the end, his immortal</p>
<p>aperture was also taken away by Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Tie Qu Zhong could only restart his cultivation, he was still a Gu Master now.</p>
<p>Tie Ruo Nan continued to analyze: ”Heavenly Court is worthy of being the role model of the</p>
<p>righteous path, the leader of humanity. They supported Wan clan by reviving Wan Gu Chou,</p>
<p>they would rather support with Immortal Gu, immortal essence stones and so on, than to directly</p>
<p>interfere in Western Desert’s political affairs, this is the noble demeanor of the righteous path.”</p>
<p>“Fang clan’s threat is not the destruction of Wan clan. Wan clan is only one of the many forces,</p>
<p>there are still a large number of super forces even if it is destroyed. Fang clan’s greatest threat</p>
<p>is the fact that they can corrupt people’s hearts, making other Gu Immortals and super forces</p>
<p>join the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance. But now, Heavenly Court has given another</p>
<p>option to everyone.”</p>
<p>“Heavenly Court has immortal essence stones, they can support with Immortal Gu, and even</p>
<p>revive Gu Immortals. Wan clan must have paid a huge price to obtain such support. This is</p>
<p>Heavenly Court’s deep intention.”</p>
<p>“Only righteousness with benefits to gain can be promoted and wildly spread to everyone. Such</p>
<p>righteousness is firm and stable. An overly virtuous type of righteousness is instead dubious</p>
<p>and hypocritical, it cannot be widely spread, and will only make righteousness seem weak.”</p>
    </body>
</html>