<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2005: Cooperating with Heavenly Court</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2005: Cooperating with Heavenly Court</h1>
        
        <p>The moment Fang Yuan saw this remaining half of Primordial Origin's true inheritance, he had a thought, it was not related to the true inheritance.</p> 
<p>"Should I use this chance to capture these Heavenly Court Gu Immortals in one fell swoop?"</p> 
<p>This thought was very attractive.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling was currently the temporary leader of Heavenly Court, Heavenly Court would definitely receive a huge blow if they lost her. Gu Yue Fang Zheng was arranged by heaven's will and was a crucial character to restrain the otherworldly demon Fang Yuan. If Fang Yuan killed him, he would be free from this shackle. The accompanying Prince Feng Xian, Bai Cang Shui, and the rest were also pillars of Heavenly Court currently. If they were gone, it would be a great disaster to Heavenly Court and the whole of Central Continent's righteous path.</p> 
<p>But thinking about it, Fang Yuan gave up on this idea.</p> 
<p>His current strength was not complete and he could not maintain his battle strength because of the heaven path dao marks.</p> 
<p>On the surface, the Heavenly Court immortals were conversing happily and looked relaxed, but how could they not be on guard in Qi Sea Ancestor's domain?</p> 
<p>It was just that they pretended to be relaxed to show their sincerity and friendliness.</p> 
<p>Even if Fang Yuan activated qi sea's formation, the Heavenly Court immortals would definitely take out Immortal Gu Houses immediately and defend.</p> 
<p>Were he to attack the Heavenly Court immortals right now, whether it resulted in victory or defeat, Fang Yuan's Qi Sea Ancestor identity would be met with heavy scrutiny.</p> 
<p>In truth, Fang Yuan was willing to cooperate with Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Even though Heavenly Court tried all methods to create difficulties for Fang Yuan and attempted to kill him, even forcing him into near death situations, as long as there were enough benefits that were useful for him in pursuing eternal life, Fang Yuan was not conflicted over cooperating with Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court wanted to cooperate with Qi Sea Ancestor for their own benefits.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan would also similarly receive huge gains from cooperating with Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>There was no need to mention the long term benefits, merely Fang Yuan forcing back Demon Immortal Qi Jue with the help of Heavenly Court was enough to guarantee the value of this Qi Sea Ancestor identity. At the same time, Heavenly Court also took the initiative to give the remaining half of Primordial Origin's true inheritance to him!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was rather moved as he held the information path mortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Back then, he had spent much thought and effort to scheme for this qi path true inheritance. Duke Long was shrewd, Thieving Heaven's method could reduce his lifespan but he pretended it did not work and used half of Primordial Origin's true inheritance to successfully stabilize Qi Sea Ancestor.</p> 
<p>The remaining half was held firmly by Duke Long and Fang Yuan was unable to get it.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not hold any hope but who could have thought that after the fate war, he would actually obtain the remaining half of Primordial Origin's true inheritance through Qin Ding Ling.</p> 
<p>In the remaining half of Primordial Origin's true inheritance, the triple qi retraction Fang Yuan coveted was recorded.</p> 
<p>"Qin Ding Ling cannot be underestimated." Fang Yuan sighed in his head.</p> 
<p>Without even mentioning any requests, Qin Ding Ling directly handed the remaining half of Primordial Origin's true inheritance to Qi Sea Ancestor, the courage needed for this move was truly immense. Qin Ding Ling's and Heavenly Court's sincerity was shown fully.</p> 
<p>"If Qin Ding Ling knew I was Fang Yuan, I wonder what expression she would show?"</p> 
<p>Duke Long helped the enemy previously and now Qin Ding Ling continued this trend. Were Qin Ding Ling to know the person in front of her was the greatest culprit of the fate war and she had personally handed the true inheritance to him, she might cough blood from anger.</p> 
<p>"I genuinely feel your sincerity. What troubles do you have, I will use all my strength to help Heavenly Court!" Fang Yuan stored the information path mortal Gu in his aperture, he already guessed Heavenly Court's troubles.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling let out a sigh of relief as she saw Qi Sea Ancestor putting away the information path mortal Gu.</p> 
<p>What she had been worried about was that possibility of Qi Sea Ancestor not agreeing to help. After all, Qi Sea Ancestor had been a secluded cultivator who did not care about things that did not concern him. Maybe the information given by the reborn Fang Yuan made Qi Sea Ancestor realize that if he were to continue his secluded cultivation, Heavenly Court would look for trouble with him, so he changed his way of doing things.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling did not know how Heavenly Court became enemies with Qi Sea Ancestor. But since Qi Sea Ancestor believed Fang Yuan's words, it was clear Fang Yuan had provided enough evidence.</p> 
<p>This was a mess that they were not responsible for, with the destruction of fate Gu, the future had changed, Heavenly Court was unable to find out anything about it. Qin Ding Ling could only rely on the current situation to infer and deduce.</p> 
<p>It was normal for Qin Ding Ling to have some worries.</p> 
<p>After all, Qi Sea Ancestor had a hostile relationship with Heavenly Court before and had only turned neutral because of Duke Long's mediation. Right now, to recruit Qi Sea Ancestor, Qin Ding Ling had to take out something that Qi Sea Ancestor would not be able to refuse.</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor accepted Primordial Origin's true inheritance and immediately showed a firm attitude of helping Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling was very relieved. Her scheme did not end here. Primordial Origin's true inheritance was only bait, Qi Sea Ancestor would require suitable qi path Immortal Gu to activate the killer moves recorded in it.</p> 
<p>And these qi path Immortal Gu were all in Heavenly Court's treasuries.</p> 
<p>These were the chips to tempt Qi Sea Ancestor later on.</p> 
<p>"Perhaps we can still use Demon Immortal Qi Jue's pressure to push Qi Sea Ancestor to join Heavenly Court." This inspiration emerged in Qin Ding Ling's mind but was temporarily suppressed.</p> 
<p>She began to explain the issues Heavenly Court was facing.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan stroked his beard as he ascertained his guesses. Just like he predicted, the qi harvest fruit appeared in Heavenly Court as well.</p> 
<p>With Duke Long's sacrifice and the immortal graveyard's destruction, Heavenly Court no longer had a qi path expert to stabilize the situation, thus it was very difficult for them to resolve the issue of the qi harvest fruit.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling handed Primordial Origin's true inheritance straightforwardly and also hoped this true inheritance could help Qi Sea Ancestor in dealing with the issue of the qi harvest fruit much more quickly.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought for a bit and nodded: "I will handle this matter of the qi harvest fruit. But I have no methods to deal with it now and need to be in closed cultivation for some time to research Primordial Origin's true inheritance."</p> 
<p>At this moment, Xia clan's first supreme elder suddenly said: "Lord Ancestor, you are injured and have to recuperate first. Your safety not only concerns Eastern Sea but is also related to maintaining the overall situation of humanity and the variant humans."</p> 
<p>He was worried and afraid that if Qi Sea Ancestor were to collaborate with Heavenly Court, Xia clan's matters would be pushed aside.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling smiled: "You don't have to worry, I am going to talk about the two heavens alliance now. Wu Shuai is currently a huge demon and also a sinner who invaded Heavenly Court, we absolutely won't let him develop. We came here to ask for Ancestor's help as well as to deal with this variant human force."</p> 
<p>After a slight pause, she continued: "Heavenly Court is willing to take out immortal materials to finance Ancestor and Xia clan, to help you reclaim your lost land. In the future battles, if necessary, Heavenly Court will send reinforcements to lend a hand in fighting against the variant human races."</p> 
<p>"Ah!" Xia clan's first supreme elder exclaimed in shock and bowed: "Heavenly Court is righteous and worthy of being the number one force of humanity. I am extremely grateful, the whole of Xia clan is immeasurably grateful!"</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling chatted with Xia clan's first supreme elder for a while, deepening their relationship quickly.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court lost the fate war but it did not lack resources, it only lacked manpower.</p> 
<p>In this trip to Eastern Sea, Heavenly Court wanted to entice Qi Sea Ancestor while also targeting Xia clan's Gu Immortals. Roping in a native force of Eastern Sea would establish their foundation in the future five regions chaotic war.</p> 
<p>This was a long-term plan.</p> 
<p>The unfortunate thing was that Heavenly Court and Xia clan's immortals did not know Wu Shuai and Qi Sea Ancestor were the same person in essence. This was truly a huge secret that would shock the world.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan nodded without hesitating: "I will never let the two heavens alliance exist in Eastern Sea, I will certainly drive them out and exterminate them thoroughly!"</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling raised her hand: "In my view, the two heavens alliance has human forces as well, it is just that the two heavens alliance is being firmly controlled by variant humans currently. These human forces are not different from us, we are all humans. We should stick together and unite. So, there is no harm in splitting them first before we take action."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan immediately understood the meaning: "Could it be that some human forces in the two heavens alliance have already surrendered to you?"</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling shook her head: "It is not like that. We were able to capture a rank eight Gu Immortal. She is called Granny Skeleton, the current owner of Shattered Bone grotto-heaven in the two heavens."</p> 
<p>Granny Skeleton was persuaded by An Chong's words and wanted to join the two heavens alliance. But halfway in her journey, she was ambushed and captured by Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Naturally, it was Night Heavenly Wolf Lord who provided this information.</p> 
<p>Lady Cold Ash wanted to unite the human forces in the two heavens and fight for authority in the two heavens alliance. She had already made Night Heavenly Wolf Lord one of her helpers, but she could have never expected Night Heavenly Wolf Lord to have already sided with Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>"Granny Skeleton?" Fang Yuan paused a bit before asking: "Is this person here right now?"</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling shook her head: "My Heavenly Court uses virtuous means, we let her go after persuading her for some time."</p> 
<p>The eyes of Xia clan's first supreme elder opened wide at these words, he felt some worries regarding Heavenly Court's 'naivety' but did not speak up.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan, however, looked at Qin Ding Ling with deep meaning and smiled: "Looks like Granny Skeleton is a crucial character and the key to tempt her to join us should lie on the qi harvest fruit's matter."</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling laughed and raised her cup in praise: "Ancestor, you have discerning vision. The issue of the qi harvest fruit appeared in Shattered Bone grotto-heaven as well, if we can solve this issue, we can rope in Granny Skeleton and other human forces."</p> 
<p>"Good plan!"</p> 
<p>"If we can rope in these human forces, it would be their loss and our gain, this will be a great blow to the two heavens alliance, and there is even a chance they will disintegrate."</p> 
<p>"Those of other races have different motives, the human Gu Immortals in the two heavens are of the same race as us. As long as we show enthusiasm and sincerity, it should not be difficult to recruit them."</p> 
<p>Xia clan's immortals smiled and conversed, some clapped and laughed, the atmosphere of the banquet became increasingly lively.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had a smile as he observed the Gu Immortals' expressions from his seat.</p> 
<p>If they knew their enemy had already known of their plan before they even implemented it, how would they feel?</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's gaze moved around before finally stopping on Qin Ding Ling's face.</p> 
<p>"Although she only cultivates luck path, her leadership is up to standard."</p> 
<p>"At her level, she should have reached the level of being proficient in mimicking other paths too. Ordinary wisdom path rank eights are also not superior to this."</p> 
<p>'Of course, there is still a large gap between her and Fairy Zi Wei.'</p>
    </body>
</html>
