<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2273: Giving Heavenly Court Two Slaps</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2273: Giving Heavenly Court Two Slaps</h1>
        <p>Old Immortal Hua Yu was convinced, he gritted his teeth and said: ”Does Heavenly Court have</p>
<p>a way to relocate my grotto-heaven?”</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling smiled lightly; ”Of course we do. The foundation of Heavenly Court cannot be</p>
<p>matched by Longevity Heaven or Fang Yuan. Believe me, joining Heavenly Court is the wisest</p>
<p>decision!”</p>
<p>Old Immortal Hua Yu sighed deeply and replied: ”This is a huge matter, do allow me to return to</p>
<p>the grotto-heaven and hold a meeting with the other Gu Immortals.”</p>
<p>“We will wait here for the good news.” Qin Ding Ling showed a very understanding demeanor.</p>
<p>After Old Immortal Hua Yu returned to the grotto-heaven, he assembled the immortals and</p>
<p>explained the situation to them.</p>
<p>Although they were shocked, after three days and nights, they all agreed with Old Immortal Hua</p>
<p>Yu’s decision to switch sides to Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Li Xiao Bai was among them, he also agreed to join Heavenly Court but he was feeling nervous</p>
<p>internally.</p>
<p>If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used an investigative method on him, she might find</p>
<p>out his relationship with Fang Yuan. But he was just one person, while the intention to join</p>
<p>Heavenly Court had already been acknowledged among everyone.</p>
<p>Old Immortal Hua Yu led the immortals out of the grotto-heaven, they met with Qin Ding Ling</p>
<p>and Jun Shen Guang.</p>
<p>“Good, good, good.” Qin Ding Ling welcomed them as she said: ”Everyone, by joining the right</p>
<p>side, not only will you gain immense benefits, you will also create a brighter future for your</p>
<p>descendants.”</p>
<p>Old Immortal Hua Yu followed: ”Indeed, we should share such joyful news with others. I hope</p>
<p>Lady Qin Ding Ling and Lord Jun Shen Guang can help, I am willing to take a risk and rescue</p>
<p>more friends from this demonic Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.”</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling and Jun Shen Guang heard his words and laughed joyfully.</p>
<p>With Old Immortal Hua Yu taking the lead, and an example like Liang Jing Jing, because Qin</p>
<p>Ding Ling also used a luck path killer move earlier, their journey in convincing the rest to join</p>
<p>them went smoothly.</p>
<p>Several days later.</p>
<p>Nearly all of the human forces of the two heavens’ grotto-heavens had betrayed Fang Yuan,</p>
<p>they went to join Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>To speak the truth, Qin Ding Ling had only planned to recruit Old Immortal Hua Yu, but after</p>
<p>they took action, the results were actually much better than expected.</p>
<p>Such news could not be hidden, soon, the entire five regions’ Gu Immortals went into an uproar.</p>
<p>“Heavenly Court is still Heavenly Court after all!”</p>
<p>“Fang Yuan suffered a loss again.”</p>
<p>“Earlier in Western Desert, Heavenly Court won and forced Fang clan to sell all their resource</p>
<p>points as they fled from their territory.”</p>
<p>“Now, Fang Yuan’s influence in the two heavens has mostly been uprooted by Heavenly Court.”</p>
<p>“Even though Fang Yuan is a venerable, he cultivates refinement path. Star Constellation</p>
<p>Immortal Venerable is a wisdom path venerable, she is most skilled at plotting and making use</p>
<p>of people’s feelings.”</p>
<p>“To speak the truth, I can understand why they chose to join Heavenly Court. After all, Fang</p>
<p>Yuan did nothing and allowed Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to slaughter and cause</p>
<p>destruction in the two heavens, this is not what a leader should do. There are even rumors that</p>
<p>Fang Yuan took Liang Jing Jing’s light heaven without helping out!”</p>
<p>The Gu Immortals discussed among themselves.</p>
<p>Every action of a venerable, no matter how small, was a huge matter in the Gu Immortal world,</p>
<p>it would draw the attention of everyone.</p>
<p>Many people started to guess what Fang Yuan would do now.</p>
<p>Would he take revenge? Would he take action to pursue those grotto-heaven forces that</p>
<p>betrayed him?</p>
<p>Or would he just take this loss silently?</p>
<p>“If I were him, I would definitely take action! Traitors need to be punished, if they have an easier</p>
<p>life after this, what will the other members of the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance think?”</p>
<p>“If they can betray him so easily, aren’t they simply disregarding the status of Great Love</p>
<p>Immortal Venerable?”</p>
<p>“Maybe they are just bullying Lord Fang Yuan for being a newly advanced venerable.”</p>
<p>“How can the pride of a venerable be provoked so easily?”</p>
<p>Soon, waves of discussion erupted, becoming the main topic of treasure yellow heaven.</p>
<p>“Hehe.” Wu Yong smiled coldly, he did not need to guess to know that this discussion was</p>
<p>driven by Longevity Heaven.</p>
<p>If he could force Heaven Refining Demon Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable</p>
<p>to enter battle from this, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would benefit immensely.</p>
<p>“Fang Yuan will not make a move, I know him too well.” Wu Yong looked in the direction of</p>
<p>Eastern Sea as he sighed deeply.</p>
<p>If it were him, he would not do anything either.</p>
<p>If a move was made, Fang Yuan would need to fight against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable,</p>
<p>this was extremely disadvantageous.</p>
<p>“With the contest of three venerables, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable clearly has the upper</p>
<p>hand. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable have their</p>
<p>stronghold respectively, while Fang Yuan lacks in this aspect while also having the least</p>
<p>immortal essence.”</p>
<p>“In this situation, he needs to be even more vigilant. If he takes action abruptly, he will likely be</p>
<p>disadvantaged even further.”</p>
<p>“The rumors should be true, Fang Yuan took the light heaven but did not help her. In this aspect,</p>
<p>I cannot compare to him.”</p>
<p>Comparing himself to Fang Yuan, Wu Yong reflected upon himself and felt that his</p>
<p>shamelessness was still not enough, he had much to learn.</p>
<p>What were reputation and prestige?</p>
<p>They were just elements that were necessary to survive or gain victory.</p>
<p>If reputation or prestige were not useful for survival or claiming victory, then they should be</p>
<p>discarded immediately.</p>
<p>When it was time to be shameless, one needed to be resolutely shameless!</p>
<p>“It is time.”</p>
<p>“It is time to join the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.”</p>
<p>Bright light flickered in Wu Yong’s eyes continuously.</p>
<p>Right when everyone thought poorly of Fang Yuan and felt that he was the weakest among the</p>
<p>three venerables, Wu Yong made a decision that was the opposite of everyone else!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan accepted it without hesitation.</p>
<p>Once news spread, Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world became shocked, the entire five</p>
<p>regions’ Gu Immortal world was shaken.</p>
<p>Fang clan who joined the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance lost their territory and had to</p>
<p>flee. A large number of super forces in the two heavens also left the Heaven and Earth Great</p>
<p>Love Alliance.</p>
<p>In this situation, Wu clan went against the trend and publicly joined the Heaven and Earth Great</p>
<p>Love Alliance, this was a questionable action that drew disdain from others.</p>
<p>Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world was shaken, doubts towards Wu Yong soon rose and</p>
<p>erupted into a storm.</p>
<p>But Wu clan, who was at the center of the storm, stayed united against all resistance, no matter</p>
<p>how they were targeted, they remained unmoving like a monolith, showing no weaknesses at</p>
<p>all.</p>
<p>Back in Western Desert.</p>
<p>“Southern Border’s Wu Yong... I’ve heard of his name long ago, but his courage and foresight</p>
<p>are truly admirable.” Fang Gong said in amazement.</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang nodded: ”I wonder how much benefits he obtained from Fang Yuan by using the</p>
<p>entire Wu clan as the stake to publicly join the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.”</p>
<p>“Regardless of the results, this is a grand leader with huge ambitions! Wu clan has been</p>
<p>Southern Border’s number one super force for a long time, but they still made such a risky</p>
<p>move. My Fang clan is far inferior to Wu clan to begin with, so how can we not have the same</p>
<p>resolve as them?” Fang Hua Sheng smiled.</p>
<p>“Third supreme elder is right! Our Fang clan has already rested sufficiently, all sorts of resource</p>
<p>points have been transacted for Immortal Gu, Fang An Lei and Fang Chen have also returned</p>
<p>already, and our Immortal Gu Houses have been improved further. It is time to take action!”</p>
<p>Fang Leng shouted with great enthusiasm.</p>
<p>Fang clan lost all their territory, they became a roaming force without a base.</p>
<p>But in this situation, youngsters like Fang Leng grew up and matured rapidly, they became more</p>
<p>proactive and enthusiastic.</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang looked towards the other Gu Immortals as he said: ”What do you think?”</p>
<p>“I think we can make a move now!”</p>
<p>“If we stay cooped up in here, I feel like I will turn rusty soon.”</p>
<p>“We need to show those super forces that bullied our Fang clan that there is a huge price to pay</p>
<p>for provoking us!”</p>
<p>After seeing that their Gu Immortals had high morale, Fang Gong became very happy: ”Good,</p>
<p>we will teach them a lesson that they will never forget!”</p>
<p>The first supreme elder showed a clear attitude, Fang clan’s immortals had shining eyes as their</p>
<p>expressions became even more heated.</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang nodded lightly and tossed out an information path Gu worm which turned into a</p>
<p>map in the air: ”We will target this place.”</p>
<p>The immortals looked and had a change of expressions, they did not think that Fang Di Chang</p>
<p>would make such a decision.</p>
<p>“This is... earthly flame forest?”</p>
<p>“This is Dong clan’s number one resource point! It is tightly defended.”</p>
<p>“Is this too aggressive?”</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang smiled: ”Everyone, listen to me. The earthly flame forest is not made of trees but</p>
<p>flame pillars from underground instead. After reaching a breaking point, they will spew out of the</p>
<p>surface and form into flames that resemble trees. The cause is the fire path dao vein</p>
<p>underground.”</p>
<p>“However, with the unification of five regions, the regional walls vanished and the earth veins</p>
<p>relocated drastically. Thus, that fire path dao vein is also shifting.”</p>
<p>“Earlier, Dong clan set up an immortal formation there using the original location without any</p>
<p>Immortal Gu. Currently, it is at the breaking point, it is like a paper window that can be pierced</p>
<p>with just one strike!”</p>
<p>“And most crucially, the mission board of our alliance has changed. Earth path resource points</p>
<p>are now exchanging for less contribution points while wind path and fire path resource points</p>
<p>have grown in value. Thus, by attacking this spot, we can gain even more contribution points!”</p>
<p>After the Fang clan immortals heard this, they understood that Fang Di Chang had planned this</p>
<p>after much preparation and consideration.</p>
<p>“As expected of Lord Fang Di Chang.” Fang Chen sighed.</p>
<p>“Since second supreme elder has decided upon this, we will trust you!” Fang An Lei expressed</p>
<p>her view.</p>
<p>“Then let us take down this earthly flame forest, hahaha.” Old Ghost Bai Jun was Fang clan’s</p>
<p>slave Gu Immortal, he also showed his stance.</p>
<p>“I can’t wait anymore.” Fang Dong Xi rubbed his palms together.</p>
<p>Although he had revived and retained his rank seven cultivation, his immortal aperture was</p>
<p>empty and needed development.</p>
<p>Earlier, when the Fang clansmen were sold, he had gone to Xiao Ye Hu for a transaction but</p>
<p>found that Wang Xiao Er had been bought already.</p>
<p>As for the other Fang clan members, because of Fang Di Chang’s words, to play it safe for now,</p>
<p>they did not buy them.</p>
<p>Several days later.</p>
<p>Fang clan moved out all at once, successfully assaulting earthly flame forest.</p>
<p>Fang clan had a huge force now while Dong clan had just lost their Red River Wheel.</p>
<p>Dong clan’s first supreme elder did not hesitate, he immediately requested for help from the</p>
<p>other super forces.</p>
<p>After Dong clan gathered many Gu Immortals and several Immortal Gu Houses, they went to</p>
<p>reinforce the resource point but found that it was in a state of ruin and destruction.</p>
<p>Fang clan had not just retreated and vanished into thin air, they even moved the entire</p>
<p>mountain-like area of the earthly flame forest, including the ground itself, into treasure yellow</p>
<p>heaven.</p>
<p>Western Desert’s Gu Immortals were shaken!</p>
<p>The five regions’ Gu Immortals were stunned.</p>
<p>Right when Dong clan’s first supreme elder hesitated on whether to organize a second</p>
<p>anti-Fang alliance, Fang clan struck again and targeted the other super forces’ resource points,</p>
<p>after succeeding, they easily retreated.</p>
<p>The five regions went into an uproar!</p>
<p>Western Desert’s super forces started to become fearful, everyone started to focus on</p>
<p>defending themselves.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan did not make a move on the two heavens’ grotto-heavens from start to finish. But</p>
<p>Southern Border’s Wu clan and Western Desert’s Fang clan had taken action instead, this was</p>
<p>like giving Heavenly Court two slaps across the face, creating two loud sounds that resounded</p>
<p>in the entire world.</p>
    </body>
</html>