<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2241: Too Beautiful</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2241: Too Beautiful</h1>
        <p>“We pay respects to Lord Alliance Leader.” A group of mermaid Gu Immortals showed a respectful attitude as they bowed before Fang Yuan’s feet.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan looked around and was a little surprised.</p>
<p>He found that all these merman Gu Immortals were female, they were either seductive, innocent, or cold. The two strongest ones had rank seven cultivation level, the other four were rank six.</p>
<p>“All female immortals...” Fang Yuan thought.</p>
<p>This was not good.</p>
<p>He let these mermen enter the sovereign immortal aperture in order to procreate and develop in numbers. Without male merman Gu Immortals and a total of six female immortals, they could not grow properly.</p>
<p>However, Fang Yuan recalled that in merman society, females had higher status than males. They would elect a saintess but not a saint.</p>
<p>In addition, the Merman Imperial Court sent these female immortals without any males as a form of reverence towards Fang Yuan as well.</p>
<p>“You are all members of the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, after entering the sovereign immortal aperture, we will be one big family. Remember the rules and abide by them, you will be informed of the details later.”</p>
<p>Saying this, Fang Yuan opened his immortal aperture’s entrance.</p>
<p>“We will obey alliance leader’s teachings!” The female immortals quickly responded before entering obediently.</p>
<p>At the next moment, their vision changed completely, they found that they were in the vast sky, below them was cloud soil and a city was far away, it resembled a huge sea snail that radiated with starlight specks.</p>
<p>“Did you raise your head earlier?”</p>
<p>“No, I’ve never been so close to Lord Alliance Leader, I lowered my head the entire time.”</p>
<p>“I mustered my courage and took a peek at him before entering the immortal aperture, oh goodness, Lord Alliance Leader is simply... too beautiful!”</p>
<p>“Lord Alliance Leader has venerable cultivation level, he also takes care of us variant humans, and most strikingly, he is so beautiful. I’ve never seen such a beautiful and gentle higher-up before.”</p>
<p>These two rank six mermaid Gu Immortals were quite close, they spoke with excitement and expressed their reverence and adoration towards Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>As for the other two rank six female immortals, they had solemn expressions and did not speak.</p>
<p>“Silence.” One of the two mermaid leaders said unhappily: “Is Lord Alliance Leader someone you can talk about so casually? We are inside the sovereign immortal aperture now!”</p>
<p>The female immortals lowered their heads and stopped speaking, but they communicated with their expressions, unable to conceal their excitement.</p>
<p>The other leader, Lian Ke Xin, stretched out her hand and grasped Yu Zi’s hand, consoling her.</p>
<p>Lian Ke Xin, Yu Zi, and Xie Ning Si were the three leaders of the Merman Imperial Court, this time, when Fang Yuan decided to move some of them into the sovereign immortal aperture, how could the Merman Imperial Court refuse?</p>
<p>After receiving the orders, the Merman Imperial Court held an emergency meeting for a day and night.</p>
<p>Eventually, the Merman Imperial Court chose two of their leaders and four mermaid immortals with outstanding beauty to offer to Fang Yuan. To do this, they broke up two couples, one of which was already close to getting married.</p>
<p>The Merman Imperial Court did not have any rank eights, their top battle strengths were the three leading first supreme elders with rank seven battle strength, by sending two away at the same time, it showed how resolute they were.</p>
<p>After that, they omitted the males and only chose the most beautiful female immortals, they were trying to get closer to Fang Yuan to curry his favor.</p>
<p>This was not strange.</p>
<p>Humanity was the undisputed overlord of the world, the Merman Imperial Court had already gotten used to such a subservient lifestyle after many years.</p>
<p>Back then, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable took action to protect the Merman Imperial Court. After his death, his influence dwindled and the Merman Imperial Court started to have alliance marriages with Eastern Sea’s righteous path forces, they also liked to take in lone immortals of Eastern Sea through marriage.</p>
<p>The Merman Imperial Court was used to such treatment.</p>
<p>Because of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, they were accepted by Eastern Sea’s human forces. Now that Fang Yuan was venerable and took control of Eastern Sea, the Merman Imperial Court was unlike other human forces, they could not join Giant Sun Immortal Venerable or Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, they could only choose Great Love Immortal Venerable, who was closer to variant humans.</p>
<p>Thus, even though the two female immortals bore grudges after getting separated from their partners, for the sake of their people, they still chose to sacrifice their own happiness!</p>
<p>But earlier, when they met with Fang Yuan, they suffered a huge blow.</p>
<p>The mermaid immortals knew about Fang Yuan’s appearance, be it Heavenly Court or other forces, they had shown videos of him. The female immortals knew about Fang Yuan’s beautiful appearance, but after meeting it, they were still shocked by his peerless features!</p>
<p>This was not just external beauty, there was also the fact that he contained abundant dao marks, each of his actions had the aura of the Great Dao, he emitted extraordinary charm from his entire body, his incomparable capacity and aura subdued everyone that he met.</p>
<p>Even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, despite having many dao marks, would not be as charming to merfolk.</p>
<p>Because mermen were born with water path dao marks, while Fang Yuan had over two million of them, this brought them closer naturally.</p>
<p>Yu Zi was one of the leaders this time, she was the one who most advocated to contribute everything and use beauty to get closer to Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>However, after seeing Fang Yuan, she was deeply shocked, she felt that she was mud when compared to the pure cloud-like Fang Yuan, she felt ashamed of herself.</p>
<p>Lian Ke Xin and Yu Zi were very close, along with her personal experiences, she understood why Yu Zi was feeling this way.</p>
<p>She grabbed Yu Zi’s hand and secretly transmitted: “No matter how beautiful Lord Fang Yuan is, he is still a man. As long as this fact remains, we have hope. Think of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.”</p>
<p>Yu Zi nodded and slowly regained her calm.</p>
<p>At this time, a hairy man Gu Immortal flew over.</p>
<p>“I am Twelfth Hair, I have come to receive you.” Twelfth Hair spoke.</p>
<p>Yu Zi quickly smiled, after a short conversation with Twelfth Hair, she cast a glance at Tang Qiong.</p>
<p>Tang Qiong was a supreme elder of the Merman Imperial Court, she had yellow scales and was gentle and beautiful, her smile showed dimples that amplified her cuteness. Even though her status was lower than Yu Zi, Lian Ke Xin, and Xie Ning Si, she was only below these three. She was given great authority by the three of them, she spent her time on managing the political affairs, she had outstanding interpersonal skills.</p>
<p>After getting Yu Zi’s approval, Tang Qiong went up and handed Twelfth Hair a seashell.</p>
<p>Twelfth Hair saw that this shell was a rare rank seven refinement path immortal material, he took it with a smile and showed a warmer attitude: “Everyone, please come with me. Your first stop will be Star Collection City, this is the central control area of the sovereign immortal aperture.”</p>
<p>Star Collection City was not on a huge piece of cloud soil, after flying for some time, they quickly entered it.</p>
<p>Under Twelfth Hair’s guide, the mermaid Gu Immortals went into the main hall and greeted the person in charge.</p>
<p>The Gu Immortal in charge of this main hall was a woman who cultivated sound path, her rank eight aura spread throughout the hall.</p>
<p>She was wearing a pink dress, her eye sockets were deeper than normal, her nose had a tall bridge, she also had a pair of seductive and moving eyes, it was Fairy Miao Yin.</p>
<p>The mermaids quickly greeted her.</p>
<p>Fairy Miao Yin sat at the top seat and looked down at these Gu Immortals, she spoke with a solemn expression: “You have just arrived here, you need to learn about the rules of our sovereign immortal aperture and obey them forever. The sovereign immortal aperture does not raise useless people, no matter who you are, you need to work hard to gain anything. The contribution board has a clear list of tasks that you can do, the worst thing you can do is slack off. Do you understand?”</p>
<p>“Yes, we will remember Lady Miao Yin’s teachings.” The mermaids responded.</p>
<p>Fairy Miao Yin nodded before casting her gaze at Twelfth Hair: “Since you took the mission to lead the mermaid Gu Immortals, you will bring them around and get familiar with Star Collection City’s arrangements.”</p>
<p>Saying this, Fairy Miao Yin waved her hand, dozens of Gu worms flew out.</p>
<p>Twelfth Hair acknowledged and took these Gu worms, he said to the female immortals: “Follow me.”</p>
<p>The mermaid immortals took their leave and followed Twelfth Hair, they all let out a sigh of relief.</p>
<p>“This Fairy Miao Yin was originally a rank seven Gu Immortal in Southern Border, but after following Great Love Immortal Venerable, she became a rank eight.”</p>
<p>“She spoke in such a tone, I’m afraid she knows our intention, so she wants to suppress us.”</p>
<p>Lian Ke Xin and Yu Zi transmitted to each other.</p>
<p>On the other hand, Tang Qiong carefully asked Twelfth Hair about Fairy Miao Yin’s status, was she the Star Collection City Lord?</p>
<p>Before coming, the Merman Imperial Court made ample preparation. They had prepared gifts for Fang Yuan’s well known subordinates like Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit, but because of the tense atmosphere earlier, Tang Qiong could not offer the gift.</p>
<p>Twelfth Hair shook his head: “Originally, the Star Collection City Lord was the noble Combat Beast King, but he died during the tribulation. Now, Miao Yin, White Rabbit, Wu Shuai, Qi Sea, and the other rank eights are taking turns to station in Star Collection City.”</p>
<p>After hearing this, the mermaid Gu Immortals let out sighs of relief again.</p>
<p>This Fairy Miao Yin was not the Star Collection City Lord, she did not have too much authority.</p>
<p>Yu Zi’s eyes brightened, she knew that the chance to meet Fang Yuan’s main body was too rare, but his clones were inside the sovereign immortal aperture, if she could get close to one of them, the goal would be achieved.</p>
<p>The mermaid immortals followed Twelfth Hair and arrived at Star Collection City’s central square.</p>
<p>In the square, there were three huge pillars.</p>
<p>There were countless words moving around the surface of the pillars, they made up three large boards.</p>
<p>Before the mermaid Gu Immortals looked at them closely, Twelfth Hair already handed out Gu worms.</p>
<p>These were the Gu worms that Fairy Miao Yin gave to Twelfth Hair earlier. Each of the mermaid Gu Immortals obtained five of them, they were rank five mortal Gu.</p>
<p>Three of the Gu worms were familiar to the mermaids, they knew that these were used for the contribution board, mission board, and exchange board respectfully.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan listed three boards, they did not just exist in the sovereign immortal aperture, be it the variant human alliance or Righteous Qi Alliance, there were such arrangements. Thus, the mermaid immortals knew them.</p>
<p>Twelfth Hair spoke: “You will live in the sovereign immortal aperture from now on, your lives will be quite different. From now on, unless master gives orders, you will not go outside. You can take a look at these three boards, these are our internal boards, the external boards in the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance are quite different from them.”</p>
<p>Right now, be it the Righteous Qi Alliance or variant human alliance, they had all joined the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.</p>
<p>These were two conflicting forces, but now, they were one force.</p>
<p>Everyone felt very complex emotions.</p>
<p>But under Fang Yuan’s venerable cultivation level, regardless of their willingness, they had to follow him!</p>
    </body>
</html>