<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2076: Earth Treasury</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2076: Earth Treasury</h1>
        
        <p>Bai Ning Bing opened her eyes and the first thing she saw was warm yellow light.</p> 
<p>"You are awake." A seemingly familiar voice resounded in her ears, but she could not be certain.</p> 
<p>A few breaths of time later, Bai Ning Bing's vision became clearer.</p> 
<p>She saw Fairy Miao Yin and Black Tigress beside her.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing barely had any strength left, she used her hands to push her upper body up: "Where is this?"</p> 
<p>She looked around and saw she was in a cave. The cave was extremely peculiar, its form was like a sphere, and Bai Ning Bing's group was at the bottom of the sphere.</p> 
<p>The spherical cave's inner walls had large patches of scattered yellow soil. From time to time, red lights flashed, like they were flowing on the yellow soil which seemed to condense into blood veins.</p> 
<p>"Wait a moment, these are..." Bai Ning Bing was bewildered. She saw immortal materials embedded in the inner walls at set intervals of distance.</p> 
<p>The first material she saw was a piece of copper near her.</p> 
<p>The copper was firm and dominant, it was inlaid in the soil and glittered with cold metallic light.</p> 
<p>"Isn't this rank seven immortal material domination copper?" Bai Ning Bing recognized it.</p> 
<p>She then saw a pure white iron lump not far from the domination copper.</p> 
<p>The iron lump's aura was even stronger than the domination copper; it was the rank eight immortal material white snow iron!</p> 
<p>"What's going on here? In the production area of domination copper, there would not be other rank seven metallic materials. But just a brief look and I can see more than five types of rank seven metallic materials."</p> 
<p>"And white snow iron only appears in rooster iron mines, how could there be lone white snow iron here?"</p> 
<p>"Looks like even you don't recognize this place, Bai Ning Bing." Black Tigress said with disappointment.</p> 
<p>Fairy Miao Yin said with a smile: "We only woke up a while earlier than you and are also greatly puzzled about this place. This place is too fantastic, it seems to be a storage for immortal materials. Not only metal path immortal materials, there are also materials of other paths. Take a look over there."</p> 
<p>Fairy Miao Yin pointed towards the left of Bai Ning Bing.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing looked towards the direction and saw a small patch of soil where a dozen or so large round turnips were growing.</p> 
<p>"I know, this is white wine turnip, white wine is produced inside it. Although it is only rank six, it is a rare food path immortal material." said Bai Ning Bing.</p> 
<p>"Now look here." Fairy Miao Yin pointed again.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing discovered a lump of wind.</p> 
<p>This wind had condensed into a lump, the size of a woolen ball, it was dark green and its sounds were low and deep.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing had obtained Bai Xiang grotto-heaven and followed Fang Yuan for a long time, she could be considered to be experienced and knowledgeable. After seeing this lump of wind, she narrowed her eyes as she thought of its relevant records.</p> 
<p>"This is profound eerie wind, a rank eight wind path immortal material. It only appears deep in the underground, even Heavenly Court's Gu Immortals have a huge desire for it."</p> 
<p>Metal path immortal materials like domination copper, white snow iron, and others; food path immortal material white wine turnip; wind path immortal material profound eerie wind. Besides these, Bai Ning Bing and the rest also discovered red snake iron, orchid vitality qi, dream soil and so on.</p> 
<p>"What is this?" Bai Ning Bing and the group saw a small fox above them.</p> 
<p>Its hairy tail and limbs were all trapped in the soil. When it saw Bai Ning Bing's group had discovered it, it curled into a ball from fear and let out soft whimpers.</p> 
<p>The three female immortals' eyes widened, they were dazed for a while before they said in unison: "Blue smoke fox child!"</p> 
<p>This was a rank eight transformation path immortal material, even \&lt;\&lt;The Legends of Ren Zu\&gt;\&gt; had records of it.</p> 
<p>"What place is this?"</p> 
<p>"Blue smoke fox child is already extinct, but this place has it."</p> 
<p>The three immortals then discovered purple manor soil.</p> 
<p>This was a rank eight immortal material which looked like a patch of soil with purple grains, purple smoke rose above from the ground. The purple smoke could only rise half an inch before it condensed back to even smaller grains that fell on the purple manor soil.</p> 
<p>"This purple manor soil had long been completely extinct. Because its effect was too powerful, it only appeared for a brief moment in history." Fairy Miao Yin said with certainty.</p> 
<p>Purple manor soil's effect was extraordinary. A strand of purple smoke, when put inside an aperture, could raise a mortal Gu Master's cultivation level. And when enough purple manor soil was put inside an immortal aperture, it could similarly raise a Gu Immortal's cultivation level!</p> 
<p>The three immortals searched roughly for a while and found that there was many kinds of immortal materials here. Although the quantity of each material was slightly little, their overall value was enormous!</p> 
<p>"Crystal essence is the highest in quantity here. Earth path crystal essence, water path crystal essence, lightning path crystal essence, and so on. Could this be the legendary secluded domain of heaven and earth — Hu Land?" Black Tigress guessed.</p> 
<p>Fairy Miao Yin shook her head: "Although \&lt;\&lt;The Legends of Ren Zu\&gt;\&gt; did not record it in details, since Hu Land is mentioned together with Xi Land, it should be similar to Demon Immortal Qi Jue's Xi Land."</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing smiled: "It is really amazing and mysterious! There are even heavenly crystals here, aren't heavenly crystals a product of the nine heavens? We should be deep underground right now."</p> 
<p>The three immortals continued to discuss and soon rejected the previous assumption.</p> 
<p>"So crystal essence is not the highest in quantity here, it is the blood veins buried in the soil."</p> 
<p>At every set interval of time, the earth blood veins would shine and flow like blood capillaries had grown in the ground. Because of them, Bai Ning Bing had discovered the flowing red light before.</p> 
<p>Following the blood veins, the three immortals discovered its source, which was also their most important discovery.</p> 
<p>A delicate little black-yellow heart.</p> 
<p>With it as the source, the net-like blood veins spread out widely.</p> 
<p>The three immortals looked at each other before shaking their heads, none of them recognized the history of this black-yellow heart.</p> 
<p>"But this is clearly a luck path immortal material."</p> 
<p>"It is rank nine, the most valuable immortal material here!"</p> 
<p>"There are no signs of humans here, the work of nature really leaves one dumbstruck."</p> 
<p>"The world is vast, it is truly mysterious and interesting, spectacular and exquisite. If us Gu Immortals don't live a brilliant life, then we truly would have lived in vain, what meaning is there in such a life?" Bai Ning Bing was full of praise.</p> 
<p>Fairy Miao Yin looked at Bai Ning Bing's expression and sighed helplessly.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing was such a person, she concentrated on herself and pursued excitement, she did not care about life or death, let alone talk of any morals or ethics.</p> 
<p>Fairy Miao Yin disliked Bai Ning Bing before, but if not for Bai Ning Bing risking her life to fight in the previous battle, Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit would have been Heavenly Court's prisoners.</p> 
<p>Black Tigress said: "This is great, these immortal materials will definitely be of huge help to master."</p> 
<p>The master she was talking of was naturally Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fairy Miao Yin glanced at her, sighing helplessly in her mind once again.</p> 
<p>She knew: Lady White Rabbit was not much different from Bai Ning Bing, she was also an abnormality. Lady White Rabbit's true inheritance was extremely strange and was a top tier dual path cultivation technique.</p> 
<p>Lady White Rabbit cultivated light and dark path, following the idea that light cannot exist without darkness and darkness cannot exist without light. When Lady White Rabbit's cultivation was rank six, her transformation, Black Tigress, would be rank seven. When Lady White Rabbit possessed rank seven cultivation, Black Tigress would possess rank eight cultivation!</p> 
<p>But this inheritance had a huge influence on the cultivator's mental state.</p> 
<p>Lady White Rabbit was pure and kind while Black Tigress was fierce and ruthless, both had extreme characters. Not only this, once the feelings of acknowledgement and reverence were accumulated in the depths of White Rabbit and Black Tigress, they were unable to be changed.</p> 
<p>After the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan, Black Tigress was even more in admiration regarding Fang Yuan. Because even Spectral Soul was killed by Fang Yuan!</p> 
<p>Hearing that Black Tigress wanted to offer these immortal materials to Fang Yuan, Bai Ning Bing's face immediately turned dark. Her eyes let out a dangerous light as she took a step forward: "You actually have such a stupid thought?"</p> 
<p>"Are you calling me stupid?" Black Tigress raised her brows and said furiously: "You really think I am afraid of you?"</p> 
<p>"You two!" Fairy Miao Yin immediately stood between the two: "It was not easy for us to escape here. Our lives and freedom that we obtained by using all our efforts should not be used on strife between ourselves. What we need to consider is what we should do next!"</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing and Black Tigress were persuaded as they stopped with a snort.</p> 
<p>The three immortals continued to explore.</p> 
<p>They dug a small hole and saw the raging earth qi outside the cave.</p> 
<p>"We are still in the earth vein!"</p> 
<p>"What do we do?"</p> 
<p>"With just our strength, even if we collaborate, the risk is too high."</p> 
<p>This discovery worried the immortals.</p> 
<p>Fortunately, this place did not restrict communication with the outside world.</p> 
<p>The three immortals easily connected with treasure yellow heaven and quickly understood the situation after the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan, as well as the rising storm in Eastern Sea during this period of time.</p> 
<p>Black Tigress was exulted: "Master finally broke free from his predicament and became the number one demon lord!"</p> 
<p>Fairy Miao Yin was somewhat worried: "I did not expect Heavenly Court to still have a trump card like Divine Emperor City. Even the powerful Demon Immortal Qi Jue was captured. Sigh, Heavenly Court's foundation is truly too deep."</p> 
<p>Black Tigress snorted: "What is a mere Immortal Gu House? Its methods are fixed and hard to change. As long as master probes all the methods of Divine Emperor City, it will be easy for him to crack this Immortal Gu House."</p> 
<p>Black Tigress' eyes were shining as she said in a firm tone: "I am going to return, master has already sent the word and summoned his subordinates. I will immediately return and continue to follow master!"</p> 
<p>Fairy Miao Yin nodded, approving of Black Tigress's thoughts.</p> 
<p>She knew the five regions' regional walls were gone, fate Gu was destroyed, and it would be a chaotic world in the future. To survive in this chaotic world, it was best to rely on the strong.</p> 
<p>Naturally, Fairy Miao Yin knew of Fang Yuan's ruthlessness and coldness, but she had nowhere else to go now.</p> 
<p>Compared to Black Tigress, Fairy Miao Yin had limited loyalty towards Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>What she cared about was mainly herself.</p> 
<p>So, when Fairy Zi Wei captured Fairy Miao Yin, Fairy Miao Yin had cooperated.</p> 
<p>But the current situation was different, Fang Yuan was now recognized as the number one demonic immortal in the world. Even Heavenly Court was vaguely suppressed by him! Even if Fairy Miao Yin wanted to side with other forces, who would dare to accept her? Would they not be afraid of Fang Yuan knowing about it and coming to settle the score?</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing sneered at the other two: "Looks like you still want to follow Fang Yuan? Hehe, do you have a brain or not? Who do you think is the cause of our situation? Wasn't it Fang Yuan who abandoned you? He could abandon you once, he can naturally abandon you a second time, or even a third time."</p> 
<p>"Why do you always want to rely on others? This is the best opportunity to gain freedom! Although our alliance agreement with Fang Yuan is still there, it has already been suppressed by Fairy Zi Wei. The world thinks we died in battle, even Heavenly Court is in the dark. You still want to return?"</p> 
<p>Fairy Miao Yin sighed: "Bai Ning Bing, don't forget our status. We are wanted demonic immortals, listed on the Demon Judgment Board and hunted by the righteous paths of the five regions. What else can we do if we don't go to Fang Yuan? If we fight by ourselves, we will be discovered one day and be hunted for bounty by waves after waves of Gu Immortal experts."</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing laughed loudly: "Running for our lives will definitely be exciting. Don't you have any anticipation towards it?"</p> 
<p>Fairy Miao Yin rolled her eyes.</p> 
<p>Black Tigress snorted: "Even if Lord Fang Yuan abandons me again, I am still willing to follow him!"</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing and Fairy Miao Yin were speechless.</p>
    </body>
</html>
