<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2123: Xin Ci&apos;s Immortal Opportunity</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2123: Xin Ci&apos;s Immortal Opportunity</h1>
        
        <p>Shang Xin Ci had a benevolent nature but she showed an extremely strong stance now, suppressing the entire situation at the moment.</p> 
<p>This was the Gu cultivation world — experts reigned supreme.</p> 
<p>Even though Shang Xin Ci trapped everyone, she did not punish them, instead, she upheld her promise of paying them twice the amount back.</p> 
<p>Even though she understood that people were intentionally causing this problem, she did not do anything to these people, she let them off.</p> 
<p>"Shang Xin Ci actually released them!"</p> 
<p>"Hmph, the excessive benevolence of a woman."</p> 
<p>"To think that she did not make a move, if it were me, I would rather kill them all than let any possible culprit escape."</p> 
<p>Shang Ya Zi and the rest discussed in secret, they expressed their disdain to conceal the unease in their hearts.</p> 
<p>Shang Qiu Niu had a complex expression: "Maybe this is the difference between Shang Xin Ci and us. This might be the reason why father favors her to become clan leader."</p> 
<p>"Shang Qiu Niu, what are you saying?" Someone immediately rebuked.</p> 
<p>Shang Qiu Niu said plainly: "You saw it yourselves, Shang Xin Ci had strength that surpasses all of us. When she took the role of clan leader, she also stabilized Shang clan's position, all of our businesses made great profits. Even though she stopped the slave trade, our profits only fell for some time before rising again, far higher than before."</p> 
<p>"We need to admit that Shang Xin Ci's capability surpasses us, right now, her reputation of benevolence had already spread widely. Father noticed this and gave the position of clan leader to her, he is not being biased or showing favoritism."</p> 
<p>Shang Qiu Niu revived from death, the experience was his precious wealth, allowing him to think more rationally and calmly when situations occurred.</p> 
<p>But immediately after, Shang Yi Fan smiled coldly: "Brother Qiu Niu, even if that is true, so what? Whoever becomes clan leader will be nurtured by the clan into an immortal. This is an immortal opportunity! So what if Shang Xin Ci surpasses us in ability and character, so what? Are you not going to vie for this opportunity?"</p> 
<p>Shang Qiu Niu was silent for a while before nodding as he said solemnly: "I have to try!"</p> 
<p>After Shang Xin Ci released the troublemakers, she went to pacify the shop owners.</p> 
<p>An elderly man walked to Shang Xin Ci shakily as he expressed his gratitude: "If not for clan leader's appearance, I would have gotten into trouble. Sigh, it was because my vision was blurred and I lost my cool to greed, I believed in rumors and bought some cheap goods. To think that they were all fake."</p> 
<p>Xiao Die pouted: "You're an old man, you've been in Shang Liang Mountain for so many years, this shop has been managed by you for so long, how can you be so shortsighted?"</p> 
<p>The old man looked ashamed.</p> 
<p>"Xiao Die." Shang Xin Ci expressed her understanding: "The Gu cultivators living here are also not having it easy. If it were me, I would want to earn more for my business, this is a logical thing."</p> 
<p>Xiao Die snorted as she looked at the old man: "Old fellow, you were lucky to have met my young miss. Make sure you use your vision in the future, don't go after cheap gains, do you understand?"</p> 
<p>"Yes, yes, I understand." The old man quickly replied.</p> 
<p>"Young miss, let's go, seeing these people makes me angry. If they were not after cheap gains, why would the market be flooded with fake goods?" Xiao Die turned around and looked at Shang Xin Ci.</p> 
<p>But the elderly man spoke: "Clan leader, please wait."</p> 
<p>Shang Xin Ci asked: "Is there anything else?"</p> 
<p>The old man spoke in trepidation: "I'm ashamed, I'm truly ashamed! I bought such a large batch of fake goods, they cannot be sold anymore. But if I destroy them, it would be a huge loss! Clan leader, didn't you say you will compensate us?"</p> 
<p>"What?!" Xiao Die heard these words and exploded, she pointed at the old man's nose and shouted: "Old fellow, do you know no shame? You made a mistake while our clan leader defended you, yet you know no gratitude and even want to extort us?"</p> 
<p>Xiao Lan was also disgusted by such behavior, she added: "You are already so old but your actions are truly despicable. Must all your losses be shouldered by our Shang clan? Even throughout this entire world, is there such a logic?"</p> 
<p>But Shang Xin Ci stopped her two servants, she looked at the old man and the sellers behind him.</p> 
<p>Shang Xin Ci's tone was still calm as before: "Old sir, thanks for reminding me. As the Shang clan leader, I will not go back on my promise. Since I agreed to double the compensation, I will do my best to follow it. You can get twice the compensation for the fake goods you imported."</p> 
<p>"Thank you, clan leader!"</p> 
<p>"Clan leader, you are the kindest clan leader I've ever seen!"</p> 
<p>"Clan elder, you saved my entire family, without this compensation, we would be forced out of our homes."</p> 
<p>All of the Gu Masters spoke, some teared up, some knelt on the ground, kowtowing to Shang Xin Ci.</p> 
<p>"Let's go." Shang Xin Ci brought her two servants away, arriving at the entrance of the street.</p> 
<p>The two servants were very indignant.</p> 
<p>Xiao Die grumbled: "Young miss, you are just too kind. Not only did you release those troublemakers, you even compensated them twice the amount."</p> 
<p>Xiao Lan also said: "Young miss, I know you are kind hearted and pity those people. But be it buyers or sellers, there are bad people among them. By compensating them all together, we have fallen into the culprit's schemes, they want to expend our primeval stone reserves."</p> 
<p>Shang Xin Ci nodded: "Those are just primeval stones, we can still earn them back in the future even if we lose them now. But if Shang clan's reputation is ruined, then we will need to spend a lot of effort and time to rebuild it."</p> 
<p>"If I mind these primeval stones instead, I would fall into the culprit's trap. The loss of primeval stones is not important, Shang clan's reputation is a bigger problem, I will not be a proper clan leader after all. They can use this excuse to take me down from the position of clan leader."</p> 
<p>Shang Xin Ci spoke warmly and calmly, she showed no anxiety, giving people a feeling of peace.</p> 
<p>The two servants understood after this.</p> 
<p>Xiao Lan said in admiration: "So that is it. Young miss, you are really amazing, you see things so clearly!"</p> 
<p>Xiao Die pouted: "Young miss is right, but this matter is too infuriating. That old man might not be a bad person but he is taking advantage of us to earn a profit now! Why are they not going after the culprit who caused them a loss, instead trying to bully us good people. If Lord Fang Yuan were here, he would beat these people till they pissed themselves, they would not dare to get up from the ground, who would dare to bully us!"</p> 
<p>Xiao Lan stared at Xiao Die, stomping on Xiao Die's foot.</p> 
<p>Xiao Die jumped from the pain, sticking out her tongue and apologizing to Shang Xin Ci: "Sorry young miss, I spoke out of line."</p> 
<p>Ever since Fang Yuan's and Lu Wei Yin's battle when he was hit by the killer move, three lifetime dreams reform a chosen one, after Shang Xin Ci returned to Shang Liang Mountain, each time she heard of Fang Yuan's name, she would fall into agony and sadness uncontrollably.</p> 
<p>Thus, the name Fang Yuan started to become taboo around Shang Xin Ci.</p> 
<p>On the way back, the three of them were silent.</p> 
<p>After reaching the end of the street, Xiao Lan said: "Young miss, Lord Zhou Quan and Wei De Xin have been sick for a long time, let's go visit them and see how they are feeling."</p> 
<p>Xiao Die gave Xiao Lan a thumbs up secretly.</p> 
<p>They tried to divert Shang Xin Ci's attention to other matters instead.</p> 
<p>Shang Xin Ci nodded: "You are right, let's go visit them."</p> 
<p>The three of them arrived at Wei De Xin's accommodation.</p> 
<p>"Stop right there, who are you, why are you acting so suspiciously!" Xiao Die found someone suspicious at the entrance.</p> 
<p>The suspicious Gu cultivator looked at Shang Xin Ci and his expression turned grim, but he was relaxed internally, knowing that Shang Xin Ci was a benevolent person, he answered: "I am Wu clan's Gu Master, I am here to send a letter to Lady Wei De Xin."</p> 
<p>Xiao Die's expression changed as she looked at Shang Xin Ci: "Young miss, oh no. Lady Wei De Xin must have gone to Wu clan after seeing this terrible situation."</p> 
<p>Shang Xin Ci knocked on Xiao Die's head: "Don't spout nonsense, Sister Wei is not such a person. She is the sister of Wei Shen Jing, it is not strange that they exchange letters. Come inside with me."</p> 
<p>Shang Xin Ci let that Wu clan Gu Master leave, she entered the house, seeing Wei De Xin who was bedridden.</p> 
<p>Wei De Xin had obviously found out about the conflict that occurred earlier, she handed an information path Gu worm to Shang Xin Ci the moment they entered, but Shang Xin Ci smiled and did not receive it.</p> 
<p>Wei De Xin explained: "Those people have outstanding methods, they schemed against Zhou Quan and I, causing us to be bedridden. But I will not falter so easily, I sent a letter to my brother and asked for his help."</p> 
<p>Xiao Lan was overjoyed: "That's great. Lord Wei Shen Jing is known as the Counterfeit Master, his ability at creating counterfeit goods is well known in Southern Border. If he can help us, we will definitely be able to solve this predicament of the fake goods!"</p> 
<p>Shang Xin Ci smiled: "Not long ago, in Sun Moon Sinkhole, I met with Wei Shen Jing and we chased after the demon Kong Ri Tian."</p> 
<p>Wei De Xin sighed: "Back then, Wei clan was plotted against by Shang clan, who was the mastermind. My brother was forced to roam outside, he had to join Wu clan to preserve his life. He bore hatred towards Shang clan and did not understand why I chose to join you. But he sent this letter to praise your character and morals, he sighed in admiration and said he understood my action."</p> 
<p>"It is a pity he is busy now. Wu clan's clan leader Wu Ji has succeeded in her immortal ascension, she nominated my brother recently. Wu clan is focusing on promoting external elders, they want to make outsiders their Wu clan external Gu Immortals. My brother is facing a test now, he can only explain the situation to us but he cannot come personally."</p> 
<p>"Ah!" Xiao Lan and Xiao Die looked at each other in deep disappointment.</p> 
<p>Shang Xin Ci continued to smile: "It is truly a great fortuitous encounter for Brother Wei, if he loses this chance, he will regret it for life. Even though I am facing a problem, I cannot hold back Brother Wei from his great opportunity, after all, any competition to become immortal is filled with danger and difficulty. If Brother Wei needs help, we must lend him a hand."</p> 
<p>"Clan leader, you are truly a great person, it is a pity I cannot help you." Wei De Xin sighed.</p> 
<p>"Sister Wei, I still need to thank you. But you are currently injured, don't trouble yourself with this. Go ahead and recuperate, I have already gotten a solution for this problem." Shang Xin Ci's smile expanded.</p> 
<p>Wei De Xin looked at her while sighing internally in her heart.</p> 
<p>She had a deep understanding of Shang Xin Ci, she knew that this expression meant that Shang Xin Ci had no countermeasure or solution currently.</p> 
<p>This situation was quite problematic, Shang Qiu Niu and the rest had cooperated. If this problem was not properly resolved, it might really affect Shang Xin Ci's position as clan leader.</p> 
<p>Shang Yan Fei passed the clan leader position to Shang Xin Ci but there were rules in the righteous path. If Shang Xin Ci was chased out of this position, Shang Yan Fei, who had already exercised the role transfer, could not intervene to defend her anymore.</p> 
<p>"Shang Xin Ci cannot save herself now, but she does not want to trouble me, so she said those words." Wei De Xin understood this, she smiled: "Since clan leader has a solution, I will rest at ease, I am going to recuperate now."</p> 
<p>"You should." Shang Xin Ci smiled and said.</p> 
<p>"Leave now, don't disturb my recuperation." Wei De Xin waved her hand, she knew that Shang Xin Ci's time was pressing, she did not want to waste her time.</p> 
<p>The trio was 'chased' out just like that.</p> 
<p>After leaving Wei De Xin's place, they went to visit Zhou Quan.</p> 
<p>Zhou Quan said: "I've already learned of the matter that happened. Clan leader, you did the right thing!"</p> 
<p>"In the past, I would not be able to see it clearly. But after these years, I've learned much from Steward Zhou and Sister Wei." Shang Xin Ci said humbly.</p> 
<p>Zhou Quan looked at Shang Xin Ci, initially, he was forced by Fang Yuan to become Shang Xin Ci's subordinate and help her.</p> 
<p>But gradually, he noticed Shang Xin Ci's nature and was shocked that there was such a person in the world.</p> 
<p>If Shang Xin Ci was mindlessly benevolent, Zhou Quan would look down on her and leave.</p> 
<p>But Shang Xin Ci had a perceptive nature despite her poor cultivation talent, she grew rapidly under Zhou Quan's and Wei De Xin's guidance, rising to the next level. Now, not only did she have strength, she could even manage the entirety of Shang clan.</p> 
<p>Zhou Quan was pleased at her growth while also feeling admiration.</p> 
<p>Because Shang Xin Ci had a consistent demeanor, she had her own bottom line. Her kindness and benevolence had never wavered because of the darkness and cruelty of the world. In contrast, from the cruelty and sadness she had seen, she noticed the pity and agony behind them, affirming her heart of kindness.</p> 
<p>This was something that was very rare!</p> 
<p>Before leaving, Zhou Quan reminded them: "Even if you pay them double, you can only lessen the problem, you cannot solve its root cause. The problem is the fake goods after all, you need to find the source and put a stop to it. You also need to find out the rest of the fake goods in the market and remove them. After these two problems are resolved, you will be able to truly get past the problem."</p> 
<p>At night.</p> 
<p>In the other room, Xiao Lan and Xiao Die had fallen asleep.</p> 
<p>But Shang Xin Ci looked at the fake Gu on the table as she showed an expression of worry.</p> 
<p>She smiled to herself soundlessly.</p> 
<p>To prevent the rest from worrying and because of her clan leader responsibilities, Shang Xin Ci had always acted confidently. Only when she was alone would she show her true emotions.</p> 
<p>At this moment, she was like a delicate flower facing an impending storm, it was truly heart aching to see her expression.</p> 
<p>She was helpless against the fake Gu in front of her. The truth was, she had already done her best to get this far!</p> 
<p>In the silent night, she let out a deep and helpless sigh.</p> 
<p>"Clan leader, why are you sighing?" From within the fake Gu, light shined and gathered into the image of an old man.</p> 
<p>Shang Xin Ci had a surprised expression, because this old man was the shop owner who asked her for compensation earlier!</p>
    </body>
</html>
