<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2329: Fang Yuan’s Scheme To Blow Up Heavenly Court</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2329: Fang Yuan’s Scheme To Blow Up Heavenly Court</h1>
        <p>This huge explosion was too sudden, it had occurred too fiercely!</p>
<p>At once, winds soared and clouds dispersed, heaven and earth changed colors.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court shattered!</p>
<p>A large number of grotto-heaven fragments flew everywhere like a volcanic explosion. Only half of the immortal aperture entrance remained, there were all sorts of holes and gaps everywhere, exposed in spectral heaven.</p>
<p>Dust and smoke rumbled, Heavenly Court could not be seen clearly now.</p>
<p>An unknown number of Gu Immortals had died.</p>
<p>The only thing that could be confirmed was that the mountain-like qi harvest fruit had dissipated entirely.</p>
<p>“I succeeded...” In Central Continent, Fang Yuan looked in the direction of Heavenly Court and let out a breath of air.</p>
<p>Long ago, he had already started to consider this issue.</p>
<p>At that time, he was in a predicament with danger all around him.</p>
<p>The sovereign immortal aperture’s time flow was too fast, this forced Fang Yuan to undergo tribulations. Although he had used endless trouble multiple times to delay his tribulations, the chaotic disaster could not be skipped by this method.</p>
<p>Once Fang Yuan underwent tribulation, he would need to place his sovereign immortal aperture in spectral heaven and open his immortal aperture’s entrance for some time.</p>
<p>This would expose a huge flaw and lure Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to attack him, even Spectral Soul Demon Venerable might come!</p>
<p>Other than the danger of tribulation, Fang Yuan also felt hunger.</p>
<p>This was the sovereign immortal body’s hunger.</p>
<p>The sovereign immortal body was created using sovereign immortal fetus Gu, the flaw was that it needed to consume an immortal aperture of the same rank as the Gu Immortal once in a while.</p>
<p>Now that Fang Yuan was a venerable, he would need to annex a rank nine immortal aperture!</p>
<p>These two crises made Fang Yuan extremely worried.</p>
<p>As the saying went: If one did not have big worries, they would worry about smaller things.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had great foresight, he could also anticipate his future problems. Rather than leaving these issues to the future, he should start resolving them now!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan did not have a passive nature, he enjoyed taking the initiative to launch the first attack and control the situation!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan knew one of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s revival methods.</p>
<p>The reason was simple.</p>
<p>The killer move stealing heavenly secret.</p>
<p>Back then, Fang Yuan used the immortal ascension of his Gu Immortal seeds to experience natural inspiration and use stealing heavenly secret to inspect all the secrets within Heavenly Court!</p>
<p>He knew the profundities contained in the qi harvest fruit were meant to revive Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was unclear of the exact details regarding the qi harvest fruit revival method.</p>
<p>But Fang Yuan had a clear understanding of Heavenly Court, along with his qi path great grandmaster attainment level, he made deductions and research with wisdom Gu’s help.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable made arrangements within the star array calculation formation, her methods were precise and meticulous. The intention was to use both Embroidered Tower and Star Constellation Chessboard to capture a pseudo venerable.</p>
<p>This arrangement was done secretly, Fang Yuan did not know of it.</p>
<p>But he did not need to guess to know that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would definitely try to revive Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable!</p>
<p>If he were in her shoes, it was certain that he would prioritize in reviving the other two Immortal Kings of Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Things were difficult to do openly, but easy to do secretly. Once Star Constellation Immortal Venerable made a move, her every action would expose her intention.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court had deep foundations, it was under the rule of three Immortal Kings. This was Heavenly Court’s greatest strength, but to Fang Yuan, it also was their greatest weakness.</p>
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan thought of sacrificing Qi Sea Ancestor to purposely lure Star Constellation Immortal Venerable into using the qi harvest fruit revival method.</p>
<p>Even if Qi Sea Ancestor was his clone, so what?</p>
<p>For the goal of eternal life, what could he not sacrifice?</p>
<p>For the sake of his grand ambition, would Fang Yuan be stingy on such a sacrifice?</p>
<p>The plan to give up Qi Sea Ancestor and use him as bait to revive Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable was quite likely to succeed.</p>
<p>But he needed a chance to send Qi Sea there.</p>
<p>He could not do it openly.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was the number one person in wisdom path, Fang Yuan had experienced her strength countless times, she often saw through his plans when they were still at their initial stage. There was a clear example previously with Fang clan.</p>
<p>If he did it in a way that was too obvious, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would notice and use the plan against him, causing Fang Yuan huge losses.</p>
<p>Thus, he waited until the opportunity presented itself.</p>
<p>Undoubtedly, the heaven path dream realms appeared at the best timing!</p>
<p>For Fang Yuan’s case, although the heaven path dream realms could raise his heaven path attainment level, he was not anxious to get them.</p>
<p>As long as nobody could make use of these heaven path dream realms, he could continue to refine rank nine Immortal Gu secretly, to raise his strength and pull apart his distance from the other venerables.</p>
<p>The longer this dragged on, the stronger Fang Yuan would become.</p>
<p>But the contest over the heaven path dream realms became the best red herring to conceal his scheme to give up Qi Sea Ancestor to the enemy!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan thought a lot about this, he made difficult choices.</p>
<p>He could not act too willing, everything had to be logical.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s intelligence was unfathomable, she was too smart. But her wisdom was something that Fang Yuan could make use of!</p>
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan sent Qi Sea Ancestor into the star array calculation formation and did not do anything excessive. Afterwards, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable personally ’helped’ Fang Yuan and completed the arrangements for him, capturing Qi Sea Ancestor.</p>
<p>Throughout the process, Qi Sea Ancestor was kept in the dark by Fang Yuan, he was unaware.</p>
<p>Not just him, Wu Shuai and Zhan Bu Du did not know either.</p>
<p>It was like how Star Constellation Immortal Venerable deceived the five immortals from Heavenly Court regarding the plan to take Lin Jian Xing’s otherworldly sword path dao marks.</p>
<p>But Fang Yuan was even more ruthless, he even deceived himself.</p>
<p>Giving up the Qi Sea clone was not enough, to assure Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, he even gave up the qi path Immortal Gu and Hu Land.</p>
<p>So what if he had to give up these qi path Immortal Gu?</p>
<p>As long as he could achieve his goal, Fang Yuan could even give up rank nine Immortal Gu!</p>
<p>Hu Land... wasn’t it just a secluded domain of heaven and earth?</p>
<p>If it could deceive Star Constellation Immortal Venerable for some time, not to mention one secluded domain, he would even give up three if he had to.</p>
<p>In Fang Yuan’s eyes, the so-called Immortal Gu and secluded domain of heaven and earth, no matter how precious, were just tools for him to go after eternal life.</p>
<p>Since they were tools, if there was value in sacrificing them, he would do it!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had no hesitation regarding this.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable only had a vague understanding of the qi harvest fruit revival method, but Fang Yuan knew it clearly.</p>
<p>He was a refinement path venerable, he was also proficient at revival methods.</p>
<p>From the perspective of refinement path, the qi harvest fruit revival method was just using the qi harvest fruit as the main material, along with Primordial Origin’s arrangements in Heavenly Court, to create a new body and soul.</p>
<p>Was it any different from Gu refinement in essence?</p>
<p>No!</p>
<p>In that case, Fang Yuan could make his arrangements.</p>
<p>He first treated Qi Sea Ancestor as a qi path immortal material and processed some steps in advance. Of course, the corresponding memories were already removed from Qi Sea Ancestor.</p>
<p>It was like how Star Constellation Immortal Venerable altered the memories of the Gu Immortals who entered the derivation formation.</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor’s entire body was tampered with, but this was related to the peak profundities of refinement path, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could not detect anything even after checking many times.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had refinement path attainment too, but Qi Sea Ancestor looked normal on the surface, there would only be issues after he was used as an immortal material for the qi harvest fruit revival method.</p>
<p>And during the process of revival, the problem would intensify.</p>
<p>But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not completely understand or control the qi harvest fruit revival process.</p>
<p>This gave Fang Yuan many chances to take advantage of the situation!</p>
<p>“My plan succeeded, as for the gains, it will depend on future developments.” Fang Yuan did not rush to attack Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>He continued to plunder Central Continent while contacting Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>“Giant Sun, we are so lucky! A problem happened during Primordial Origin’s revival, Heavenly Court blew up instead. This is our best opportunity to strike, if we miss this and Heavenly Court recovers, we will regret not taking action for life.”</p>
<p>After seeing Heavenly Court’s explosion, after a momentary shock, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable immediately thought of attacking Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>After getting Fang Yuan’s transmission, he became even more tempted.</p>
<p>But he was hesitant now.</p>
<p>“Should I really attack Heavenly Court now?”</p>
<p>“Did they really make a mistake? Is Fang Yuan behind this?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable thought of Fang Yuan’s mysterious defensive method, he really could not see through this person. It was possible that Fang Yuan was behind this all along.</p>
<p>“Strange, why did I not sense this huge variable earlier when I used luck inspection on Heavenly Court?”</p>
<p>“Unless, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used a method to conceal Heavenly Court and it stopped my luck inspection from working? That would really be ironic.”</p>
<p>The last thing that made Giant Sun Immortal Venerable hesitate was Light Emperor.</p>
<p>His eldest son.</p>
<p>As well as the wild rank nine light Gu in his immortal aperture!</p>
<p>Light Emperor was kidnapped by the two legendary immemorial beasts, You Tian Guang and Zuo Ye Hui, if Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not go to save him, he would be in danger.</p>
<p>Of course, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable thought of his own Blood Sea.</p>
<p>Since he could revive Light Emperor once, he could definitely do so again.</p>
<p>“Giant Sun is still hesitating, did he notice anything?” Fang Yuan saw that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was not taking any action, he started to ponder.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan did not know about the secret behind Giant Sun and his son, he also did not know about the drawback of using the killer move, I reside in all living beings and heaven and earth.</p>
<p>But he soon thought of a reason.</p>
<p>“With the explosion, Heavenly Court’s losses cannot be assessed now. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s injuries are unclear as well. She has a huge territorial advantage inside Heavenly Court, she must not have gotten too injured, so she is still a threat.”</p>
<p>“This may be Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s concern.”</p>
<p>“In his opinion, my Qi Sea clone was captured and Heavenly Court suddenly exploded, which caused Primordial Origin’s revival to fail, so I am the most suspicious one. At the same time, I should be the most nervous person.”</p>
<p>“I do not have my own stronghold, if Heavenly Court’s two venerables join hands, I will be in an even worse predicament.”</p>
<p>“Giant Sun Immortal Venerable said the situation is unclear, he is hinting to me that I should make a move first!”</p>
<p>“If Heavenly Court is truly weakened, he will come and join in the fight to steal some benefits himself.”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable chose to wait and observe, this made Fang Yuan’s plan fall short.</p>
<p>In fact, attacking Heavenly Court now was abrupt and contained risks.</p>
<p>Even Fang Yuan did not know what condition Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was currently in.</p>
<p>But since Fang Yuan had already planned this far, would he not have backup solution?</p>
<p>He casted his gaze at Spectral Soul Demon Venerable who was far away.</p>
<p>After this period of killing, his injuries had mostly recovered.</p>
<p>“He is the best vanguard that we can have.” Fang Yuan smiled as he used his method.</p>
<p>Totem killer moves flew out and provoked the insane Spectral Soul Demon Venerable continuously, he was successfully lured into Heavenly Court!</p>
    </body>
</html>