<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2305: Heavenly Court’s Crushing Defeat</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2305: Heavenly Court’s Crushing Defeat</h1>
        <p>“How do we deal with this?”</p>
<p>“Since the formation is already broken, we can only rely on rumor cage.”</p>
<p>“What is Lin Jian Xing planning?”</p>
<p>“If he is thinking of waiting for the anti-Fang alliance or Western Desert righteous paths’ reinforcements, he will be disappointed.”</p>
<p>Wan Zi Hong, Prince Feng Xian, Zhou Xiong Xin, Red Heart Traveler, and Nine Spiritual Fairy followed Lin Jian Xing while secretly conversing.</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing’s methods were exceptionally exquisite, ruining the five immortals’ plan.</p>
<p>With just sword qi takes form killer move, he fooled them for so long, making these Heavenly Court immortals feel ashamed of themselves.</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing’s main body used that time to destroy Heavenly Court’s formation.</p>
<p>This made the Heavenly Court immortals realize that their battle plan had a mistake, they should have designated one person to guard the formation.</p>
<p>In fact, the formation had a certain amount of defensive capability and also had the ability to convey messages. If it was attacked, the message should have been sent. Even if the five Heavenly Court immortals were inside rumor cage, they could still obtain the reminder.</p>
<p>Rumor cage battlefield isolated the inside and outside, the ones inside could not even connect to treasure yellow heaven.</p>
<p>But this message would directly rush to rumor cage, creating subtle vibrations in rumor cage as a warning.</p>
<p>At that time, the five immortals would know that the formation was being destroyed, they would react to the specific situation and send a few people to deal with it.</p>
<p>However, Lin Jian Xing’s methods were exceptional, he quietly dismantled the whole formation without alerting the five Heavenly Court immortals.</p>
<p>However, he still returned the obtained Immortal Gu to these five immortals openly.</p>
<p>Such magnanimity captivated even these Heavenly Court immortals.</p>
<p>Under this situation, when Lin Jian Xing mentioned changing the battlefield, the Heavenly Court immortals were too ashamed to continue fighting in Lin clan’s public blessed land headquarters.</p>
<p>“This is the place.” Lin Jian Xing slowly stopped in the air and turned around to face the Heavenly Court immortals.</p>
<p>The five Heavenly Court immortals looked around, this desert was indeed like Lin Jian Xing said; it was extremely poor with no sign of life and was suitable for the battle.</p>
<p>“Lin Jian Xing, if you don’t resist, I will guarantee with my life that your life will be preserved.” Red Heart Traveler said with a sigh.</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing scoffed: ”If someone suddenly intrudes your home and frames you for something you did not do, even going as far as to attack you; and afterwards, say that they are going to preserve your life, what will you do?”</p>
<p>“Why talk so much!” Red Heart Traveler was about to reply, when Wan Zi Hong suddenly attacked.</p>
<p>She disappeared and appeared behind Lin Jian Xing in an instant.</p>
<p>She stabbed at Lin Jian Xing’s back with her ten sharp, purplish-black nails that were extremely sharp!</p>
<p>Wan Zi Hong was a demonic immortal recruited by Heavenly Court, she did not lack viciousness and also had her own arrogance.</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing toyed with her for so long with sword qi takes form, she was already disgruntled.</p>
<p>Right now, she still used flower thorn stab, but with ten times the power!</p>
<p>‘You have a body made of flesh and blood, let me see how long you can resist this.’ Wan Zi Hong’s eyes shone with a ferocious light.</p>
<p>However, at the next moment, there was a thunderous explosion.</p>
<p>By the time Wan Zi Hong reacted, she found she had already flown far away. She could only see the back figure of Lin Jian Xing who had been so close to her, and because of the long distance, he was as small as her palm.</p>
<p>“What happened? What killer move is this?” Wan Zi Hong just had this thought when an intense pain assaulted her.</p>
<p>Guh.</p>
<p>She coughed out blood and found to her horror that her defense killer move was almost destroyed completely.</p>
<p>“What in the world was that move?!” The other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were also extremely shocked.</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing’s method was too fast, the Heavenly Court immortals did not see it clearly.</p>
<p>Zhou Xiong Xin quickly retreated and pulled some distance apart.</p>
<p>Nine Spiritual Fairy, however, transformed into an immemorial desolate beast once again and attacked Lin Jian Xing.</p>
<p>Under this situation, the sturdy and tough transformation path Gu Immortal was the best choice to probe the enemy.</p>
<p>Boom!</p>
<p>However, with a thunderous explosion, Nine Spiritual Fairy was also sent flying.</p>
<p>Three of her ribs were broken at the very least.</p>
<p>This time, the other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were able to barely see the killer move. This was a sword path killer move, it was formed from sword qi and was so fast that it was almost impossible to catch it with naked eyes.</p>
<p>Even with investigative methods, they were only able to barely see it.</p>
<p>“This move is called sword qi lightning roar, please appraise it.” Lin Jian Xing said before counterattacking.</p>
<p>Bam bam bam...</p>
<p>Thunderous explosions rang again and again, the five Heavenly Court immortals were actually forced back.</p>
<p>Naturally, Lin Jian Xing did not use just his sword qi lightning roar killer move, he occasionally used sword qi takes form as well.</p>
<p>Sword qi takes form killer move was exquisite and profound, while sword qi lightning roar was fast, it was extremely fast!</p>
<p>So fast that the five Heavenly Court immortals could not even see it properly; for a while, they could only use defensive methods to resist.</p>
<p>“Lin Jian Xing actually had such methods! Protect me.” Zhou Xiong Xin secretly transmitted his voice.</p>
<p>Red Heart Traveler immediately flew in front of him and activated majestic blood light.</p>
<p>The blood light was like a sphere that completely covered Red Heart Traveler and Zhou Xiong Xin.</p>
<p>Zhou Xiong Xin had just prepared his method for a few breaths of time when Lin Jian Xing sensed it.</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing pointed at the blood sphere; in an instant, at least three sword qi lightning roar attacked, rapidly destroying the blood sphere.</p>
<p>But Zhou Xiong Xin laughed loudly: ”You fell for it.”</p>
<p>He had already finished preparing and was only intentionally delaying to create a deception of activating a powerful killer move that needed a long period of time to activate.</p>
<p>After all, a killer move with longer activation time was often more powerful.</p>
<p>Zhou Xiong Xin cultivated information path, he activated the move but it could not attack actively. However, if the enemy used a killer move and was blocked by this move, it could capture the information about the enemy’s killer move and give a warning to Zhou Xiong Xin.</p>
<p>Zhou Xiong Xin received early warnings, he quickly used information path methods to share the effect with the other four immortals.</p>
<p>The battle situation had a clear change.</p>
<p>The five Heavenly Court immortals finally stabilized their footing and began to exchange attacks with Lin Jian Xing.</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing’s sword qi lightning roar killer move was extremely fast, it would hit the target before they could even react.</p>
<p>But Lin Jian Xing still required time to activate this killer move.Zhou Xiong Xin’s information path killer move would give early warnings to Zhou Xiong Xin and the rest when Lin Jian Xing started preparing sword qi lightning roar killer move.</p>
<p>Adding on this little time, the five Heavenly Court immortals were barely able to react.</p>
<p>Both sides fought intensely but the Heavenly Court immortals were actually unable to grasp the control of the situation and were still being suppressed by Lin Jian Xing.</p>
<p>“How is this possible?”</p>
<p>“He is actually so strong? This does not match the intel we have.”</p>
<p>“Sword qi lightning roar and sword qi takes form are already brilliant moves, his combat awareness is even better, far surpassing mine.”</p>
<p>The Heavenly Court immortals were inwardly shaken.</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing did not just rely on the two moves to dominate them, he showed his terrifying strength as well.</p>
<p>There was no strongest Gu worm, there was no most powerful killer move, but there was always a strongest Gu Immortal.</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing was nowhere near number one but he vaguely surpassed the five Heavenly Court immortals.</p>
<p>“Our paths are different and impede each other. This will not do!”</p>
<p>“Lin Jian Xing has such battle strength, he needs to be weakened for us to have the chance of using rumor cage killer move.”</p>
<p>“Let me try!”</p>
<p>The five Heavenly Court immortals discussed quickly as Prince Feng Xian stood up.</p>
<p>He sent out lumps of sparks which covered the battlefield in just a few moments.</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing’s surging sword qi were actually burned by the sparks and whittled down rapidly.</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing was momentarily stunned, his vital Immortal Gu was rank eight Immortal Gu Sword Qi. Be it sword qi takes form or sword qi lightning roar, they both used Sword Qi as the foundation.</p>
<p>Prince Feng Xian’s move actually burned his sword qi which broke his battle foundation.</p>
<p>At least half of Lin Jian Xing’s sword qi were burned; in an instant, his strength fell rapidly.</p>
<p>The Heavenly Court immortals used this chance to counterattack.</p>
<p>After several exchanges, an opportunity appeared which was grasped by Nine Spiritual Fairy.</p>
<p>Nine Spiritual Fairy turned into a willow tree, its branches coiled around Lin Jian Xing like a python and bound him to the trunk.</p>
<p>Using this chance, Zhou Xiong Xin quickly used rumor cage battlefield killer move.</p>
<p>Seeing that Lin Jian Xing had fallen into the battlefield killer move once again, the five immortals’ spirits rose.</p>
<p>But at the next moment, Nine Spiritual Fairy let out a painful cry. Her willow tree immemorial desolate beast form disappeared as she returned to her human form. She retreated in panic with her whole body covered in blood.</p>
<p>“What happened this time?!” The other four Heavenly Court immortals were astonished.</p>
<p>“Careful!!” Nine Spiritual Fairy was shielded by Zhou Xiong Xin, her expression was still full of shock along with a trace of fear.</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing got rid of the bindings and smiled, his aura rising slowly.</p>
<p>The Heavenly Court immortals turned pale when they sensed this aura.</p>
<p>Pseudo venerable!</p>
<p>“He concealed it really well.”</p>
<p>“He is actually a pseudo venerable!”</p>
<p>At this point, Lin Jian Xing finally showed his full strength.</p>
<p>Translucent milky white strings emerged around him.</p>
<p>The strings flew towards Heavenly Court immortals with an extremely fast speed.</p>
<p>Sword path killer move — Sword Qi Threads!</p>
<p>“It was this move!” Nine Spiritual Fairy reminded.</p>
<p>The other four Heavenly Court immortals were solemn, transformation path Nine Spiritual Fairy transformed into an immemorial desolate plant but was beaten miserably by this move, they naturally could not treat this lightly.</p>
<p>Red Heart Traveler activated all of his defensive methods as he took the lead in facing these threads.</p>
<p>The threads had extreme sharpness that could not be expressed in words. They directly cut straight through, Red Heart Traveler might have been cut into pieces by the threads if he had not reacted fast enough and pulled apart some distance immediately.</p>
<p>“This move cannot be blocked!” The other three Heavenly Court immortals also probed the power of this move and reached a consensus.</p>
<p>The threads’ sharpness was unimaginable, even the powerful Heavenly Court immortals could only flee and evade.</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing did not move, he sent out more and more threads that gradually filled the whole battlefield.</p>
<p>The five Heavenly Court immortals made an awkward discovery, the battlefield they wanted to trap Lin Jian Xing in became an obstruction for their own dodging attempts.</p>
<p>They finally realized now that Lin Jian Xing changed the battlefield not to stall for time. The reason why he returned the Immortal Gu was because he believed he could fight all five of them alone, he fight the five Heavenly Court immortals head-on!</p>
<p>“Lin Jian Xing! You are really underestimating us!”</p>
<p>“Cancel rumor cage, let me activate my strongest method!”</p>
<p>“No, let me go first.”</p>
<p>Facing such a powerful Lin Jian Xing, the five Heavenly Court immortals decisively canceled rumor cage and used their strongest killer moves.</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing’s smile did not go away as he activated another method.</p>
<p>In an instant, sword light flew everywhere.</p>
<p>Sword path killer move — Sword Light Disintegration!</p>
<p>Bam bam bam...</p>
<p>In this battle, Lin Jian Xing won against five opponents alone. He killed Wan Zi Hong, severely injured Zhou Xiong Xin, Prince Feng Xian, and Red Heart Traveler, while Nine Spiritual Fairy who shielded their retreat was captured.</p>
<p>After this battle, Lin Jian Xing’s name shook the five regions.</p>
    </body>
</html>