<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2270: Heavenly Court’s Assault</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2270: Heavenly Court’s Assault</h1>
        <p>Qin Ding Ling and Jun Shen Guang flew carefully in the two heavens.</p>
<p>“This Old Immortal Hua Yu is really crafty! He actually wants us to convince Flickering Light</p>
<p>grotto-heaven first.” Jun Shen Guang said begrudgingly.</p>
<p>After the two of them received the mission to make Old Immortal Hua Yu change sides, they got</p>
<p>close to Profound Literature grotto-heaven and lurked there.</p>
<p>While Old Immortal Hua Yu was chasing away beast groups outside, they secretly met with him.</p>
<p>“Do you think Old Immortal Hua Yu is purposely wasting our time now, after we convince</p>
<p>Flickering Light grotto-heaven to join us, he will already have his trap prepared?” Jun Shen</p>
<p>Guang asked.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling sighed: ”This is unlikely. Old Immortal Hua Yu has been hesitating for a long time,</p>
<p>but the reason why he is staying on the fence and being ambiguous is because he is afraid that</p>
<p>Fang Yuan will try to kill him if he betrays him!”</p>
<p>“In this situation, he wants the attention on him to be smaller, thus, he wants to see more</p>
<p>grotto-heavens betraying Fang Yuan, in that case, Profound Literature grotto-heaven will not be</p>
<p>as big of a target.”</p>
<p>“But the situation that you mentioned cannot be ruled out as well.”</p>
<p>Jun Shen Guang asked: ”Then what should we do? Flickering Light grotto-heaven is led by Gu</p>
<p>Immortal Liang Jing Jing, but different from Old Immortal Hua Yu, we do not know much about</p>
<p>her, we cannot be sure of her true intentions.”</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling pondered for a while and said: ”Even if we don’t, I’m sure Old Immortal Hua Yu</p>
<p>already has some leads. Otherwise, he would not have chosen this grotto-heaven specially for</p>
<p>us.”</p>
<p>“Maybe it is time to use that move.”</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling started to fly slower as her expression became resolute, it was clear that she had</p>
<p>made up her mind.</p>
<p>Jun Shen Guang showed a look of confusion.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling said: ”Flickering Light grotto-heaven is not far away, but before taking the risk, I</p>
<p>want to use my luck path method to make some arrangements.”</p>
<p>Jun Shen Guang asked worriedly: ”Is the cost of this move too high?”</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling shook her head: ”Although it will consume some of my luck path dao marks, for</p>
<p>the sake of Heavenly Court, this is a small cost. The reason why I hesitated was because this</p>
<p>move has a huge drawback. It is the same as using my future good luck in advance, it may have</p>
<p>the effect of helping our enemies.”</p>
<p>“So that’s it.” Jun Shen Guang nodded.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling continued to speak: ”But thinking about it, it is very important for us to recruit Old</p>
<p>Immortal Hua Yu. With the contest of three venerables, for a long time in the future, this balance</p>
<p>will continue to hold.”</p>
<p>“Western Desert’s Fang clan has already been driven out of their territory, if Old Immortal Hua</p>
<p>Yu and the others betray Fang Yuan, then Heaven Refining Demon Venerable’s reputation will</p>
<p>become the lowest of the three. Regardless of whether Fang Yuan goes to kill Old Immortal Hua</p>
<p>Yu, he will still face losses.”</p>
<p>“For us rank eight Gu Immortals to be able to influence the situation of the three venerables,</p>
<p>isn’t it normal that the price to pay is huge?”</p>
<p>Jun Shen Guang was convinced by her: ”That’s true! Lady Qin Ding Ling, go ahead and use it, I</p>
<p>will guard you.”</p>
<p>Not long after, Qin Ding Ling finished her preparation and used the killer move.</p>
<p>However, this killer move took a whole hour before it ended.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling was pale and covered in sweat, her expression was quite strange.</p>
<p>“Did something happen?” Jun Shen Guang sensed that something was wrong long ago, he</p>
<p>quickly asked.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling did not conceal the matter, she answered: ”When I used this killer move, there</p>
<p>was a mystical change like the entire world was responding to me. This killer move normally</p>
<p>takes ten or so breaths to activate, but in that situation earlier, with the help of heaven and</p>
<p>earth, I persevered and continued to use it. In the end, the move’s activation took one hour.”</p>
<p>Jun Shen Guang frowned: ”I’ve heard about the secret behind the power of a Dao Lord. After a</p>
<p>venerable refines natural dao marks, every move they make will be amplified by the dao marks,</p>
<p>which is the resonance of heaven and earth. Lady Qin Ding Ling, why did that happen to you?”</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling shook her head: ”I can’t comprehend it either, but that is not a problem. On this</p>
<p>expedition to Flickering Light grotto-heaven, we will definitely receive huge help. Let’s go.”</p>
<p>“Mmm.”</p>
<p>The two Heavenly Court immortals continued on their way.</p>
<p>On the other side.</p>
<p>Boom!</p>
<p>With a loud rumbling sound, the heavenly chasm was unable to take any more hits, the weakest</p>
<p>segment was pierced by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s arm.</p>
<p>The two sides were connected at once.</p>
<p>Fairy Zi Wei’s and Ying Wu Xie’s pupils shrunk rapidly, in an instant, they sensed an</p>
<p>unparalleled killing intent surging from Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s body to the</p>
<p>surroundings.</p>
<p>His killing intent was so intense that even Fairy Zi Wei and Ying Wu Xie felt that they were</p>
<p>mortals about to be engulfed by a tsunami.</p>
<p>Helplessness, despair, fear, panic, these emotions appeared naturally in them as they spread</p>
<p>rapidly.</p>
<p>“Quickly go!” Fairy Zi Wei was a wisdom path great expert after all, she quickly reacted and</p>
<p>used her killer move.</p>
<p>With her help, Ying Wu Xie regained his senses too.</p>
<p>Boom boom boom.</p>
<p>More and more arms pierced the heavenly chasm as they extended towards the two.</p>
<p>The rank nine heavenly chasm could trap Fairy Zi Wei or Ying Wu Xie, but it was only a small</p>
<p>hurdle for the senseless Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>Fairy Zi Wei and Ying Wu Xie quickly retreated.</p>
<p>But suddenly, a black arm increased in speed and grabbed onto Ying Wu Xie.</p>
<p>At the moment of life and death, Ying Wu Xie activated his method.</p>
<p>Immortal killer move — Change Soul Technique!</p>
<p>At the next moment, he swapped position with a soul beast. This ancient soul beast took his</p>
<p>place and got captured by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. Meanwhile, Ying Wu Xie appeared</p>
<p>far away and quickly escaped for his life.</p>
<p>During this period of time, Ying Wu Xie practiced hard and created his killer move, change soul</p>
<p>technique.</p>
<p>Compared to Fang Yuan’s switch soul in dream, this change soul technique had its own merits</p>
<p>and demerits.</p>
<p>Ying Wu Xie managed to escape.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable growled angrily and squeezed with his huge claw as the</p>
<p>ancient soul beast was ground into powder, its ancient soul core was absorbed by Spectral Soul</p>
<p>Demon Venerable instantly.</p>
<p>More and more huge claws slashed through the heavenly chasm and surrounded him.</p>
<p>Nearly ten hands opened up, an intense suction force appeared from the centers of the palms.</p>
<p>Ying Wu Xie’s soul beast group had no resistance at all, they were all absorbed.</p>
<p>As the claws contracted, they did not squeeze the soul beasts this time, instead, they were</p>
<p>molded.</p>
<p>Be it desolate beast or ancient desolate beast, the soul beasts cried out in agony. After several</p>
<p>breaths of time, the huge claws opened up as these soul beasts were released.</p>
<p>Not only did the size of the strength group change, their strength also rose dramatically, there</p>
<p>were actually three immemorial soul beasts among them.</p>
<p>These soul beasts were completely loyal to Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, they screeched as</p>
<p>they attacked Ying Wu Xie.</p>
<p>Ying Wu Xie spat out blood, he felt incredibly stunned.</p>
<p>The method that he used to enslave the soul beasts had been completely erased by Spectral</p>
<p>Soul Demon Venerable, he suffered a backlash as a result.</p>
<p>Fairy Zi Wei brought Ying Wu Xie along with her as they quickly retreated.</p>
<p>As purple smoke started to rise, these soul beasts were temporarily trapped, they could only</p>
<p>move around in the smoke.</p>
<p>After flying for some time, they two immortals heard a loud sound as the surrounding hundred li</p>
<p>started to shake.</p>
<p>The heavenly chasm was broken through by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!</p>
<p>The two immortals turned pale as they did their best to flee.</p>
<p>But Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was incredibly fast, not long after, he reached them.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s left head roared loudly.</p>
<p>The silhouette of Dang Hun Mountain appeared immediately as it slammed towards the two</p>
<p>immortals.</p>
<p>They could not avoid it.</p>
<p>Immortal killer move — Purple Will Production!</p>
<p>At the crucial moment, Fairy Zi Wei used a killer move as her body shook, turning into purple</p>
<p>smoke that carried Ying Wu Xie as they vanished on the spot.</p>
<p>After a few breaths of time, purple smoke was produced out of nowhere several tens of li away.</p>
<p>The purple smoke turned back into Fairy Zi Wei while Ying Wu Xie fell out from it.</p>
<p>Thankfully, when they encountered the heavenly melody and after Feng Jiu Ge left, Fairy Zi Wei</p>
<p>used her method at every set interval of distance traveled.</p>
<p>This method was originally meant to defend against the heavenly melody. But to think that she</p>
<p>would have to use it to avoid Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>After using it, the two immortals managed to survive.</p>
<p>But danger was far from over, the two immortals were still in a perilous situation.</p>
<p>“Bring me along and leave. After using this move, there is a huge drawback, I need to</p>
<p>exterminate the large amount of purple will in my mind before I can use it again.” Fairy Zi Wei</p>
<p>said in an urgent tone.</p>
<p>Ying Wu Xie quickly used his soul path method as he flew away with Fairy Zi Wei.</p>
<p>After the two immortals escaped for some time, Ying Wu Xie was shocked to find that his speed</p>
<p>was getting slower, any soul path killer move that he used had increasing expenditure.</p>
<p>“I have been struck!”</p>
<p>“It happened when the main body caught me earlier.”</p>
<p>“What move is this?”</p>
<p>“It seems to counter all soul path killer moves!”</p>
<p>Ying Wu Xie was soon rendered useless.</p>
<p>Fairy Zi Wei had no choice but to take over and escape with Ying Wu Xie.</p>
<p>As Spectral Soul Demon Venerable approached, Fairy Zi Wei had no choice but to use purple</p>
<p>will production again to stall for time desperately.</p>
<p>“Let’s split up!” Ying Wu Xie gritted his teeth and suggested.</p>
<p>Fairy Zi Wei shook her head, she rejected him without hestiation.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable wanted to kill Ying Wu Xie now. If they split up, Fairy Zi Wei</p>
<p>would survive but Ying Wu Xie would definitely not be spared.</p>
<p>Fairy Zi Wei was affected by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s method and became absolutely</p>
<p>loyal to him. Currently, because Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was not in the right state of</p>
<p>mind, her loyalty went to Spectral Soul’s split soul.</p>
<p>She would do anything to protect Ying Wu Xie, even if it cost her life.</p>
<p>But right at this time, three rank eight Gu Immortals appeared before Fairy Zi Wei.</p>
<p>The left one had a round head and large ears, he wore a loose robe and had an intense qi path</p>
<p>aura, he was Heavenly Court’s Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch.</p>
<p>The right one wore a golden hoop on his head, it was Golden Hooped Great Immortal.</p>
<p>The Gu Immortal in the center looked kind and merciful, his eyebrows were very long, reaching</p>
<p>his chest, it was one of the three dukes, Duke Mei!</p>
<p>“Fairy Zi Wei is here after all!”</p>
<p>“Oh, Ying Wu Xie is here too.”</p>
<p>Duke Mei, Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch, and Golden Hooped Great Immortal were here</p>
<p>on Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s orders to capture Fairy Zi Wei.</p>
<p>Fairy Zi Wei’s immortal aperture was with Heavenly Court, with such an obvious lead, after Star</p>
<p>Constellation Immortal Venerable personally made deductions, the three immortals managed to</p>
<p>find her.</p>
<p>Fairy Zi Wei and Ying Wu Xie’s expressions changed.</p>
<p>They were facing danger from both directions.</p>
<p>This was a desperate predicament!</p>
<p>“What do we do?” Ying Wu Xie turned pale.</p>
<p>Fairy Zi Wei frowned deeply, at the moment of crisis, she shouted loudly: ”Feng Jiu Ge, I know</p>
<p>you are nearby. If you lend us a hand now, we will repay you tenfold in the future!</p>
<p>“Feng Jiu Ge... that Heavenly Court traitor?” Golden Hooped Great Immortal frowned.</p>
<p>Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch snorted coldly: ”Good, we will take care of him too.”</p>
<p>Duke Mei was about to speak but his brows suddenly rose as his long eyebrows shook</p>
<p>intensely: ”Oh no, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable is here!”</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s mountain-like body appeared in everyone’s vision.</p>
    </body>
</html>