<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2285: Jiu Ge Helps Spectral Soul</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2285: Jiu Ge Helps Spectral Soul</h1>
        <p>Immortal killer move — Obscured Heavenly Secret!</p>
<p>Everything happened stealthily.</p>
<p>Only Fang Yuan knew how much immortal essence was used to activate this rank nine killer move.</p>
<p>Three hundred and sixty rank nine immortal essence beads!</p>
<p>After heavenly secret Gu was raised to rank nine, obscured heavenly secret was also finally modified by Fang Yuan, it became a true rank nine killer move.</p>
<p>Compared to the rank eight obscured heavenly secret, the rank nine version used much more immortal essence and the activation time was lengthened to over ten times of before. In addition, the steps were also six times more complicated, and Fang Yuan needed much more thoughts in the process.</p>
<p>After paying such a price, rank nine obscured heavenly secret also became much more powerful!</p>
<p>It was not a quantitative growth but a qualitative change.</p>
<p>Originally, rank eight obscured heavenly secret killer move could create temporary heaven path dao marks that resembled fishing nets, they were layered over each other in a criss-cross fashion, covering Fang Yuan’s entire body.</p>
<p>It was like how a caterpillar used its threads to create a thick and hard cocoon around itself.</p>
<p>Right now, although the heaven path dao marks were still in a fishing net form, they were more tightly connected and were no longer overlapping, he only had one simple layer around him.</p>
<p>This layer of heaven path dao marks were not temporary dao marks, they had stabilized into a certain constant state.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan understood the reason behind this, after observing closely and using investigative killer moves, he barely managed to detect this layer of the heavenly secret fishing net.</p>
<p>It was in a state of existence and non-existence!</p>
<p>The heavenly secret fishing net immediately made Fang Yuan think of the killer move that Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable left behind, ghostly concealment.</p>
<p>Honestly speaking, the heavenly secret fishing net was still inferior to ghostly concealment. But Fang Yuan could sense that the two had already become similar, they shared a type of special trait.</p>
<p>Ghostly concealment could last for a long time without expending immortal essence.</p>
<p>The heavenly secret fishing net was also the same.</p>
<p>But the heavenly secret fishing net could not compare to ghostly concealment, the reason was that although it could stabilize, it could still be consumed.</p>
<p>As long as the investigative method used on it was strong enough, the heavenly secret fishing net would be expended while resisting it, as long as the expenditure exceeded the natural recovery speed, then the heavenly secret fishing net would start experiencing a deficit, it would be like a sinking ship that got gradually submerged.</p>
<p>Of course, ghostly concealment had such a flaw too, but its recovery speed and durability were much higher than the heavenly secret fishing net.</p>
<p>Naturally, the information of Fang Yuan’s ghostly concealment was already known by his enemies, they had created countermeasures against it.</p>
<p>Thus, ghostly concealment’s actual value was much lower than obscured heavenly secret.</p>
<p>Even though it was more refined than obscured heavenly secret, it was outdated.</p>
<p>Other than the huge boost in power of obscured heavenly secret due to the qualitative change, there was another benefit, the amount of heaven path immortal materials needed to activate it had fallen greatly, by a total of eighty percent!</p>
<p>The reduction in consumption of heaven path immortal materials was very beneficial to Fang Yuan in his attempt to accumulate them.</p>
<p>Heaven path immortal materials were not easy to obtain.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had only gotten a good opportunity recently when the two heavens were fusing.</p>
<p>In fact, the appearance of so many heaven path immortal materials was also thanks to the senseless Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. This was truly an extremely rare opportunity.</p>
<p>Rank nine heavenly secret Gu and rank nine obscured heavenly secret had many tactical implications to Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>This was an advancement!</p>
<p>If the advancement failed and Fang Yuan got exposed, he would get attacked by the two venerables.</p>
<p>It was clear from how Giant Sun Immortal Venerable got targeted by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable after he took rank nine light Gu.</p>
<p>She was very overbearing and showed a tough stance.</p>
<p>Eventually, she only gave up after Giant Sun Immortal Venerable brought Light Emperor into Longevity Heaven.</p>
<p>If Fang Yuan was exposed, everyone would see that he had two rank nine Immortal Gu!</p>
<p>He did not have an impregnable base like Longevity Heaven or Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Once Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable cooperated, they would be very terrifying!</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s wisdom path controlled certainty.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path explored uncertainty.</p>
<p>The two were mutually conflicting, but if they worked together, they would complement each other perfectly. With the potential of such coordination, even Fang Yuan could not stop them.</p>
<p>After all, Fang Yuan had not created his own rank nine offensive method.</p>
<p>Even if Fang Yuan could stop them, the external situation of the contest of three venerables would start to emit pressure on him. He did not have enough strength to obliterate Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could not be taken down, if they deepened their cooperation, it was very likely that they would become a huge hindrance to him.</p>
<p>One could say, if Fang Yuan was exposed, he would fall into an extremely passive state.</p>
<p>But the situation was fine now.</p>
<p>With rank nine obscured heavenly secret, he could stabilize the situation at the critical moment.</p>
<p>The refinement of rank nine heavenly secret Immortal Gu was not hard, but Fang Yuan still had to take a fatal risk to succeed.</p>
<p>He succeeded on his first attempt at refining it, he was quite fortunate.</p>
<p>This was the turning point of the contest of three venerables!</p>
<p>Right now, Fang Yuan’s foundation in heaven path was as such. He had heaven path grandmaster attainment level, various killer moves like heaven envies heroic geniuses, heavenly web protection veil, emotionless heaven and earth, heavenly summary earthly norm, obscured heavenly secret, and others, as well as Immortal Gu like Heavenly Web, Heavenly Secret, Heaven’s Envy, and Heavenly Birth.</p>
<p>He also had the truthful floating ice.</p>
<p>At this point, he had already unsealed over half of the truthful floating ice.</p>
<p>Worth noting was that after becoming a heaven path grandmaster, his speed of unsealing the truthful floating ice also became faster!</p>
<p>This was easily understood.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s heaven path attainment level was like a foundation, once it rose, he would be able to understand and comprehend the heaven path profundities within the truthful floating ice at a faster rate.</p>
<p>Back then during the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable obtained the truthful floating ice and unsealed it rapidly, he almost became a heaven path venerable!</p>
<p>“However, my heaven path attainment level only rose to grandmaster after using more than half of the truthful floating ice. It will be too hard for me to reach great grandmaster using the remaining portion.”</p>
<p>The higher the cultivation level, the greater the difference between ranks.</p>
<p>This was the same for attainment level.</p>
<p>If half of the truthful floating ice could help Fang Yuan go from ordinary to grandmaster attainment level, then it would be very hard for the remaining half to elevate Fang Yuan to a great grandmaster.</p>
<p>Regardless, Fang Yuan was satisfied.</p>
<p>The truthful floating ice he gained from Crazed Demon Cave had been extremely useful to Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Ignoring anything else, just the rank nine heavenly secret Immortal Gu recipe was something that did not originally exist in the world.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan knew clearly.</p>
<p>This Immortal Gu recipe was the research result of over a million years through the Crazed Demon formation that Limitless Demon Venerable created, using the chaos outside the world and rank nine derivation Gu as the core.</p>
<p>The concept was ahead of the entire world.</p>
<p>It was too hard to achieve it on his own.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s human path attainment level was not low, he was a grandmaster. But why did he not try to create rank six human path Immortal Gu recipes?</p>
<p>It was too hard.</p>
<p>Such an attempt would expend too much of his time, energy, resources, and manpower. In fact, success was not guaranteed.</p>
<p>In the current world, wild human path Immortal Gu were very rare.</p>
<p>Creating a rank six human path Immortal Gu recipe was making something that did not exist in the world, it was the development of human path beyond its current limit, it was also pushing the current world beyond its current boundary and limit.</p>
<p>Going from zero to one was like going from nothing to something, this process was very difficult.</p>
<p>But from one to two, the process was just quantitative growth, gradual development was possible with much lower difficulty.</p>
<p>Rank six human path Immortal Gu recipes were very hard to create, as for rank nine heavenly secret Immortal Gu’s recipe, the difficulty was countless times higher!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was almost certain, this rank nine Immortal Gu recipe was the most valuable part of this largest piece of truthful floating ice.</p>
<p>“In the following period, I need to find a chance to meet with Li Xiao Bai and secretly use obscured heavenly secret on him.”</p>
<p>Rank eight obscured heavenly secret could deceive Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, the rank nine version was even better.</p>
<p>Of course, that was under the situation that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not have their own path’s rank nine Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>If there was no opportunity, he would create one.</p>
<p>But it would be hard for the two venerables to not become suspicious.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan looked afar and cast his gaze on Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>Different from Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s intention to kill, Fang Yuan wanted to use Spectral Soul Demon Venerable as his shield to conceal his true actions.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was currently bathed in fire.</p>
<p>Under the threat of survival, rank nine fire Gu erupted with its strongest attack.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had been tortured for tens of days, he was in a state of distress.</p>
<p>His originally colossal body had already shrunk by thirty percent.</p>
<p>Although his rank nine aura was still domineering, there was already a hint of tiredness.</p>
<p>Only several hundred of his countless thick black arms remained, while one of his three heads was burned to ashes.</p>
<p>However, fire Gu was not longer as powerful as before, its firepower had clearly fallen.</p>
<p>A rank eight Gu Immortal slowly approached Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>“If Spectral Soul Demon Venerable still had his senses, he could definitely capture fire Gu. It is a pity that he has no sanity now, he cannot even isolate the natural essence of the world, otherwise, fire Gu would not have such terrifying power.”</p>
<p>This Gu Immortal had an incredibly deep gaze, he could comprehend a certain profound concept from Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s body.</p>
<p>It was Feng Jiu Ge!</p>
<p>At this moment, a soul beast army was moving a hundred li away.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable seemed to have sensed the soul beast army, his expression was ruthless as he roared and flew to them.</p>
<p>The soul beast army was easily disoriented by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he opened his mouths and devoured them. In a few breaths of time, he had already eaten over ten thousand soul beasts.</p>
<p>These soul beasts immediately melted into soul path dao marks that were transferred to Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s body.</p>
<p>His injuries healed rapidly, but soon, the fire burned and created new injuries.</p>
<p>“Although Spectral Soul Demon Venerable has the instinct to consume, he was just lucky to have met a soul beast army, prolonging his struggle.”</p>
<p>“Let me lend you a hand in that case.”</p>
<p>Feng Jiu Ge slowly activated his immortal killer move — Destiny Song!</p>
<p>His voice was illusory and deep, it was filled with unique contradiction.</p>
<p>Initially, the song was like a small stream of water in the mountains, flowing slowly. Gradually, the stream turned into flowing lava that expanded the river’s width, in the range of mountains, it sounded like a dragon’s roaring echo.</p>
<p>At the same time, the river of lava on the mountain turned into a raging tide, swish swish swish, ebb and flow, it continued without stopping.</p>
<p>The lava and waves collided, reacting and creating steam that covered the entire sky.</p>
<p>The steam condensed into clouds that wanted to fly towards the high heavens.</p>
<p>Suddenly, lightning struck and thunder roared, the lightning bolts landed on the clouds, the immortals felt like they had fallen from the sky, they felt a sense of hollowness in their hearts.</p>
<p>Phantom or real, high or low, being proud and confident at times, feeling lost and desperate during disasters. Bending one’s back at times, spreading one’s words at times...</p>
<p>Feng Jiu Ge’s expression soon turned pale.</p>
<p>His current destiny song was far stronger than before. In fact, his voice was wondrously beautiful and contained the essence of heaven and earth, clearly, after retrieving the heavenly melody, Feng Jiu Ge had gained a lot of insight.</p>
<p>Destiny song only lasted for over ten breaths of time before Feng Jiu Ge stopped using it and retreated.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was still engulfed in terrifying flames as he growled in pain, it was as if Feng Jiu Ge’s destiny song had no effect.</p>
<p>However, three days later.</p>
<p>The red flames on Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s body went from burning hot to an grey-blue cold.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable quietened down like an injured beast, he finally had time to recuperate.</p>
<p>He did not refine the wild fire Gu, while fire Gu also stopped attacking and resisting him. Inside his body, a certain intricate relationship was formed as they started helping each other!</p>
<p>Puff, huff, puff......</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s breathing became slower as the huge grey-blue fire around him became dimmer, until it was completely gone.</p>
<p>His entire body was like a gravestone, he gave off an endless aura of death accompanied by an icy chill.</p>
<p>Then, at the next moment!</p>
<p>Rumble!</p>
<p>Flames surged and burst out over several thousand li, quickly spreading throughout the area in all directions.</p>
<p>Everywhere it went, living beings crumbled, they broke down and burned into ashes as their soul essence was rapidly absorbed by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, it was as if they were returning to the source.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s injuries healed quickly, his body also started to expand at an observable rate.</p>
    </body>
</html>