<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2321: Qi Sea’s Divine Might</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2321: Qi Sea’s Divine Might</h1>
        <p>“What a scheme, Fang Yuan!”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s expression looked unsightly.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s move was extremely ingenious.</p>
<p>He took Meng Qiu Zhen to Central Continent, forcing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable into a dilemma.</p>
<p>If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable continued to fight Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, Fang Yuan would take the chance to open his immortal aperture and put Meng Qiu Zhen inside before wreaking havoc in Central Continent.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court was already in a dangerous situation, the star array calculation formation was in an extremely damaged state with eighty percent of it destroyed. Divine Emperor City was being attacked by Shen Shang and Lu Wei Yin, it was already showing signs of being unable to maintain the two human path killer moves.</p>
<p>If Fang Yuan attacked in this situation, he would definitely create an unimaginable massacre in Central Continent and Heavenly Court!</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was worthy of being the number one person in wisdom path, she made a decision almost immediately.</p>
<p>She sighed and said to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable: ”Fang Yuan is extremely crafty, he wants to use this way to protect Spectral Soul Demon Venerable! We cannot fall for his trap! I will go chase him and not let him get any chance to put his clone back in his aperture. Giant Sun, I hope you can kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable knew in his heart: Star Constellation Immortal Venerable clearly knew this was Fang Yuan’s scheme but she had to fall into it. It was true that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was going to make things difficult for Fang Yuan, but it was even more true that she was going back to defend Central Continent.</p>
<p>But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not argue.</p>
<p>If it were him, he would also be willing to fall into the scheme to protect his Huang Jin bloodline.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable nodded, saying decisively: ”Today, either Spectral Soul Demon Venerable or Fang Yuan must die!”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s cooperation made Star Constellation Immortal Venerable let out a sigh of relief.</p>
<p>At the crucial moment, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable made a clear and sensible decision!</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable immediately chased after Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Within the star array calculation formation’s inner space.</p>
<p>Demon Judgment Board was sent flying.</p>
<p>Inside Demon Judgment Board, Gu Yue Fang Zheng and Red Heart Traveler were sweating heavily, their faces turned pale with a sense of trepidation.</p>
<p>At this moment, the previous owner and the current owner of Demon Judgment Board had joined hands!</p>
<p>But they were still in a disadvantage.</p>
<p>What forced Demon Judgment Board to retreat time and again?</p>
<p>“Careful, he is coming again!” Red Heart Traveler who was mainly responsible for controlling Demon Judgment Board reminded suddenly.</p>
<p>Zhan Bu Du’s cape fluttered fiercely as he flew closer.</p>
<p>After he activated incomplete freedom transformation, he was a genuine human-shaped beast. Even Demon Judgment Board was not able to properly take a hit from him.</p>
<p>Gu Yue Fang Zheng received Red Heart Traveler’s reminder, he felt a quiver and shouted frantically: ”Let’s try again!”</p>
<p>Demon Judgment Board let out waves of blood light.</p>
<p>The blood light was like a tide that quickly spread thousands of feet. The scarlet-red blood light contained endless coldness.</p>
<p>Zhan Bu Du had to charge into the blood light to near Demon Judgment Board. His movement inevitably slowed down.</p>
<p>“This move again.” Zhan Bu Du’s expression turned somewhat strange.</p>
<p>He had already been obstructed by this blood path killer move three times in a row.</p>
<p>Demon Judgment Board used the time when Zhan Bu Du had slowed down to retreat to a safe distance.</p>
<p>And the one who accomplished this was Gu Yue Fang Zheng.</p>
<p>Red Heart Traveler looked at Gu Yue Fang Zheng with gratitude and admiration. Gu Yue Fang Zheng had activated blood turns cold killer move but he had connected this move to Demon Judgment Board so closely that it felt like blood turns cold was Demon Judgment Board’s killer move.</p>
<p>This was an extremely ingenious pioneering work, none of the past owners of Demon Judgment Board accomplished this.</p>
<p>Speaking of which, Red Heart Traveler was Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s master.</p>
<p>But he did not accept the disciple voluntarily, it was mainly because of the orders from higher-ups and his own benefits. So, Red Heart Traveler’s perception of Gu Yue Fang Zheng had always been poor and did not have much affection for this disciple.</p>
<p>But now, Red Heart Traveler’s impression of Gu Yue Fang Zheng underwent a huge change.</p>
<p>“It was not a mistake to hand Demon Judgment Board over to you. Fang Zheng, you have to work harder in the future.” Red Heart Traveler encouraged.</p>
<p>“Oh, yes, I will engrave master’s words in my heart.” Gu Yue Fang Zheng was somewhat surprised before saying with a sigh, ”I came in touch with the essence of painting path when I entered derivation formation, which allowed me to modify blood turns cold killer move. Its might is amplified through Demon Judgment Board and is able to freeze the blood of rank eight Gu Immortal experts and kill them. But against Zhan Bu Du, it can only obstruct him for a short while.”</p>
<p>Red Heart Traveler shook his head, advising: ”It is not that you are not excellent but the enemy is too strong. He... is one of the strongest clones of Heaven Refining Demon Venerable after all!”</p>
<p>When he heard the mention of his big brother Gu Yue Fang Yuan, Fang Zheng heaved a deep sigh.</p>
<p>“Alright, we must keep on pestering Zhan Bu Du and not let him destroy the whole formation space easily.” Red Heart Traveler could not hide his worries when he said this, ”Sigh, if we really were to talk of it, Heaven Refining Demon Venerable’s strongest clone is Qi Sea Ancestor. I hope Lady Qin Ding Ling can stall him.”</p>
<p>Profound Literature grotto-heaven.</p>
<p>The star array calculation formation’s bases were set up in the two heavens’ grotto-heavens; right now, there were almost none of these grotto-heavens remaining.</p>
<p>Profound Literature grotto-heaven was the last pillar remaining!</p>
<p>Qi currents gushed out like an ocean swarming the sky as Qi Sea Ancestor who was standing high in the sky looked down at everyone.</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor, Duke Mei, Duke Tong, and the rest were either controlling Immortal Gu Houses or floating alone in the air as they looked up at Qi Sea Ancestor with an extremely solemn expression.</p>
<p>In this fight, Qi Sea Ancestor showed the strongest battle strength among all the existing pseudo venerables!</p>
<p>Especially Hu elevation, once it was activated, it could forcibly break a grotto-heaven and no one was able to block it.</p>
<p>Be it Qin Ding Ling’s luck path, Che Wei’s weapon path, or the senior Heavenly Court experts like Duke Mei and Duke Tong fighting without caring for their lives, or even the continuous harassment by experts like Zhou Xiong Xin and Nine Spiritual Fairy, they could not stop Qi Sea Ancestor from destroying the star array calculation formation.</p>
<p>Immortal killer move — Nine Essence Jade Dew Pill.</p>
<p>Ruan Dan was constantly activating pill path killer moves to heal the Heavenly Court immortals.</p>
<p>He also had a move called life sustaining small revival pill which could forcibly prolong the life of others if they were hit by a fatal attack.</p>
<p>These were the gains he made in derivation formation.</p>
<p>If not for Ruan Dan’s spectacular performance in this battle, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals could not have lasted for so long.</p>
<p>Be it Ruan Dan or other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, all of them had made progress. However, Qi Sea Ancestor had become much stronger, almost comparable to Duke Long at his final moment in the fate war!</p>
<p>Qi currents billowed as they turned into tens of thousands of giant dragons. They then dispersed and attacked Profound Literature grotto-heaven from all directions, ignoring Heavenly Court’s immortals.</p>
<p>Old Immortal Hua Yu cried out in sadness: ”Lord Fang Yuan, are you really going to exterminate everyone?!”</p>
<p>His tears started falling.</p>
<p>Duke Tong shouted: ”Everyone, don’t be shaken, don’t risk yourselves in saving the mortals. This demon is trying to use our sympathy to influence our rational decision-making. Once our forces are split, we will definitely fall apart in his hands!”</p>
<p>“It is our turn now.” Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch suddenly transmitted his voice to Shabi Ninety-five.</p>
<p>“Master, you want to use that move? But we are not proficient in it yet.”</p>
<p>“There is no other option, we need to give it a try. We must pressure and disturb Qi Sea Ancestor; otherwise, if he gets a chance, he will use Hu elevation killer move again.” Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch activated the killer move.</p>
<p>Shabi Ninety-five took a deep breath and followed up by activating its Gu worms.</p>
<p>Their aura linked together; Shabi Ninety-five turned into a vast lump of qi that poured into Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch.</p>
<p>Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch who had a round head and large ears breathed in the vast qi through his nose and mouth, his body expanding rapidly.</p>
<p>When he absorbed all the qi in his body, he transformed into a huge giant.</p>
<p>The giant Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch slammed into the sky-covering qi sea, stirring up the boundless qi currents; Qi Sea Ancestor’s body shook and almost lost control of the qi sea.</p>
<p>Inside the qi sea, the giant Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch started sucking in the qi currents crazily.</p>
<p>The qi sea’s size continued to shrink.</p>
<p>“We need to act fast.”</p>
<p>“Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch is using Shabi Ninety-five’s special characteristic to absorb all the foreign qi. He cannot hold on for long, once the absorbed qi currents reach the limit, he will explode and die!”</p>
<p>Heavenly Court Gu Immortals knew the details of this move and acted quickly.</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor was besieged from all sides, he pushed his palms to raise a thousand feet tall qi wall to stop Heavenly Court’s attacks.</p>
<p>He then slashed down with one arm; qi blades appeared from thin air and cut Duke Tong and Nine Spiritual Fairy, making them cough blood and retreat.</p>
<p>Qi currents became vast and grand, Qi Sea Ancestor was about to continue his attack but Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch started absorbing without any regards for his life; the qi currents became listless again.</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor snorted coldly, using yin-yang great killer hands to send Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch flying like a ball.</p>
<p>He used divine flick to flick at Qin Ding Ling, Che Wei, Old Immortal Hua Yu, and Zhou Xiong Xin, easily forcing them back.</p>
<p>Jun Shen Guang was extremely fast and sent a killer move at Qi Sea Ancestor again but was blocked by Qi Sea Ancestor’s defensive methods.</p>
<p>Immortal killer move — Orchid Breath.</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor’s injuries were healed rapidly.</p>
<p>Immortal killer move — Qi Engulfing Mountains and Rivers!</p>
<p>This was a killer move within Primordial Origin true inheritance, it was modified by Qi Sea Ancestor and had its activation speed increased by more than twice.</p>
<p>Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch, Duke Tong, Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch, and the rest who were still counterattacking shook intensely and fell from the sky.</p>
<p>In the chaotic battle, Wan Zi Hong, Prince Feng Xian, Bai Cang Shui, and Uncle Feng occupied the east, south, north, and west directions, trapping Qi Sea Ancestor at the center.</p>
<p>Immortal killer move — Earth Water Wood Fire Four Elements Shifting Formation!</p>
<p>This was not an ordinary killer move but an ancient battle formation. This formation required four rank eight Gu Immortals, there could not be one more or one less.</p>
<p>Not only this, the four Gu Immortals had to cultivate earth path, water path, wood path, and fire path respectively.</p>
<p>The killer move activated successfully. Wan Zi Hong, Prince Feng Xian, Bai Cang Shui, and Uncle Feng were covered in armor that shone with green, red, black, or yellow radiance.</p>
<p>The four colors spread quickly and linked together, showing a sign of transforming into a battlefield killer move!</p>
<p>“Hmm?” Qi Sea Ancestor’s expression shook slightly as he revealed a trace of admiration.</p>
<p>This move was a new innovation and was already vaguely reaching a whole new realm.</p>
<p>It was not only an ancient battle formation but also a battlefield killer move!</p>
<p>“We must trap him!”</p>
<p>“We cannot relax.”</p>
<p>“Success depends on this!!”</p>
<p>The Heavenly Court immortals roused themselves.</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor laughed heartily: ”It is a good move indeed.”</p>
<p>The moment he finished speaking, a figure descended from the sky.</p>
<p>The immortals’ expressions changed.</p>
    </body>
</html>