<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2110: Golden Bottle Drunken Wine</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2110: Golden Bottle Drunken Wine</h1>
        
        <p>The elderly Gu Immortal's eyelids twitched, he had a certain guess, he asked: "So you are Senior Green Ant Ascetic, your wife must be Senior Wine Fairy?"</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortal will nodded: "Indeed."</p> 
<p>The old Gu Immortal let out a breath of air: "To speak truthfully, this junior is a Gu Immortal of Eastern Sea, Zui Xian Weng, over a million years have passed since your death."</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortal will was slightly stunned before sighing: "Such a long time has passed... back then, to prevent that traitorous disciple from finding us, we specially hid our inheritance in an extremely concealed area, to think that it ended up like this, that traitorous disciple must have died already."</p> 
<p>After pausing for a while, the Gu Immortal will thought of something and said: "Wait, Zui Xian Weng, put away your defensive method, let me test the truth of your words. How can I know if you are not one of my traitorous disciple's subordinates that came here to trick me?"</p> 
<p>Zui Xian Weng hesitated for a moment but did not attack immediately, he was not confident in dealing with the arrangements here.</p> 
<p>He spoke the truth: "I do not know if Wu Shuai is dead or not, but the situation is like this..."</p> 
<p>Zui Xian Weng quickly explained everything, Green Ant Ascetic's will became stunned again, what in the world had happened?</p> 
<p>Was this still Heavenly Court?</p> 
<p>Fate Gu was actually destroyed!</p> 
<p>Gu Yue Fang Yuan!</p> 
<p>It was hard to imagine the existence of such a great demon in the world, truly a misfortune for the common people.</p> 
<p>Green Ant Ascetic's will only accepted the facts after a long time.</p> 
<p>"To think that the world became like this after a million years. Fate Gu was destroyed, even Duke Long lost and died! Whether that Wu Shuai actually revived or if he is just Fang Yuan's clone is no longer important, since that Fang Yuan inherited Dragon Palace, he will also inherit this grudge!" Green Ant Ascetic's will said firmly.</p> 
<p>"So Zui Xian Weng, are you willing to oppose Fang Yuan for this true inheritance?" Green Ant's will asked.</p> 
<p>Zui Xian Weng was silent for a long time before taking in a deep breath, gritting his teeth: "I am willing to do that!"</p> 
<p>"Alright, we will make the agreement."</p> 
<p>According to the instructions of Green Ant's will, Zui Xian Weng made his vow.</p> 
<p>"Accept this inheritance, the two of us put all our effort into it, we created a killer move called golden bottle drunken wine!"</p> 
<p>"Golden bottle contains green ants, drunken wine dilutes dragon qi! Army ant was created by me, I hid the one weakness of these ants extremely deeply, that traitorous disciple had no idea all along."</p> 
<p>"As long as you use this golden bottle drunken wine killer move, you will be able to send the army ants into chaos and cause a backlash on the user. Most importantly, this is a food path killer move, it is hard to guard against!"</p> 
<p>"So senior has prepared for it." Zui Xian Weng's eyes shined with bright light: "I cannot stay in this place for long, senior, please go into my immortal aperture, you can inform me of the remaining information later."</p> 
<p>"Okay." Green Ant's will flew into Zui Xian Weng's immortal aperture, the latter took all the inheritance away and left.</p> 
<p>Zui Xian Weng only took a glimpse of the inheritance details before feeling great joy internally.</p> 
<p>This inheritance contained Green Ant Ascetic's enslavement path inheritance as well as Wine Fairy's food path true inheritance. The value of the enslavement path true inheritance was not high for Zui Xian Weng, but the Wine Fairy true inheritance was simply too valuable to him.</p> 
<p>"It was not a waste of my effort to come here, it was worth it!" A smile appeared on Zui Xian Weng's face.</p> 
<p>But the moment he left the place and arrived in the outside world, his expression immediately changed.</p> 
<p>A battlefield killer move had been set up, it activated at once and trapped Zui Xian Weng.</p> 
<p>"Heavenly Court! Qin Ding Ling!!" Zui Xian Weng was shocked to find out that Heavenly Court's Gu Immortals were surrounding him.</p> 
<p>The leader was a female immortal, she had a tall nose, thin lips and eyes, a body covered in golden armor, her legs were long and smooth, she wore a white cape on her back, she radiated an elegant and noble aura, she had an air of indomitability!</p> 
<p>She was the current leader of Heavenly Court, rank eight luck path great expert, Qin Ding Ling!</p> 
<p>Zui Xian Weng's heart sank to rock bottom, he broke out in cold sweat: "It seems that I will lose my life in this fight."</p> 
<p>Thoughts flashed rapidly in his mind, Zui Xian Weng gritted his teeth and cupped his fists: "I am willing to contribute all my inheritances, I will make contributions to the righteous path."</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling smiled brightly, emanating with heroic aura: "Green Ant Ascetic's and Wine Fairy's inheritances are good, but is our Heavenly Court so greedy? We are the righteous leaders of over three million years, the number one super force in the world. Since you had the fortune to find this inheritance, then it belongs to you. Please do us the honor, sit down and have a cup of tea."</p> 
<p>Saying so, Qin Ding Ling sat cross legged in the air, she took out cushions, a table, and cups.</p> 
<p>Zui Xian Weng sat down without a choice, Qin Ding Ling personally poured tea for him.</p> 
<p>Tea fragrance spread out, but Zui Xian Weng felt his heart turning cold as ice, his entire body was shivering, his cold sweat could not stop pouring.</p> 
<p>What status did Qin Ding Ling have, she was actually treating an Eastern Sea lone immortal like Zui Xian Weng in such a respectful manner? She certainly had huge motivations behind this.</p> 
<p>"Feel free to drink it." Qin Ding Ling stretched out her arm, smiling as she pointed.</p> 
<p>Zui Xian Weng had no choice but to take a sip, he immediately placed the cup down, he asked while faking calmness: "I wonder what Lady Qin wants to say to me?"</p> 
<p>The smile on Qin Ding Ling's lips became even wider.</p> 
<p>She spoke casually: "Haven't you already guessed my intention? Zui Xian Weng, you are a smart person."</p> 
<p>"No need to be so pessimistic, in the current world, even though demons have the upper hand, it is only temporary. Even throughout the history of millions of years, the righteous path has been dominant for most of the time, while the demonic path can only hide at some corners. We are currently in a special era, so some geniuses will wreak havoc, don't think that they are domineering and overpowering, they are merely the pioneers that will pave a road for the venerables ahead."</p> 
<p>Zui Xian Weng lowered his head, not daring to make eye contact with Qin Ding Ling.</p> 
<p>His arms were placed on the table as he clenched them uncontrollably, his palms were covered in sweat.</p> 
<p>"In this tough situation, no matter what overbearing request Qin Ding Ling states, I have no choice but to agree to it." Zui Xian Weng sighed in his head with great sadness.</p> 
<p>But Qin Ding Ling took out some evidence immediately after: "Not long after, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable will revive and return to Heavenly Court, she will lead the rise of Heavenly Court once again."</p> 
<p>Zui Xian Weng saw the evidence and became deeply shocked: "Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's revival?"</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling smiled: "Fate Gu has been destroyed, even venerables can be resurrected now. Demon Immortal Qi Jue is the best example now, but he has already been suppressed by my Heavenly Court. If even Demon Immortal Qi Jue can revive, how can our venerables not do so? Our Heavenly Court has three venerables, throughout the world, which super force can rival us?"</p> 
<p>Zui Xian Weng stared in a dumbfounded manner, thoughts started to collide rapidly in his mind.</p> 
<p>He had already decided to say yes, but after seeing proof of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's revival, the balance in his heart was tilted towards Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Even though Fang Yuan was strong as the number one demon, he only had pseudo venerable battle strength.</p> 
<p>He could not compare to a venerable.</p> 
<p>In the millions of years of human history, there had only been ten venerables, each one had shown their invincibility in their respective eras!</p> 
<p>Venerables were invincible!</p> 
<p>No matter how many pseudo venerables there were, they could not match a venerable in the end.</p> 
<p>While Heavenly Court had the most number of venerables — Primordial Origin, Star Constellation, Genesis Lotus! Other than that, the only other super force that had a venerable was Longevity Heaven.</p> 
<p>Zui Xian Weng's expression became calm gradually.</p> 
<p>"I am willing to work for Heavenly Court!" He said in a solemn tone: "Let's set the agreement."</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling shook her hands: "No need for that. With that Fang Yuan's ability, he will notice if we make an agreement. Furthermore, you need to return to Eastern Sea and join the Righteous Qi Alliance."</p> 
<p>"We will not set an agreement?" Zui Xian Weng was stunned.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling added: "Write me a copy of the true inheritance, Heavenly Court will try to provide you the relevant Immortal Gu."</p> 
<p>Zui Xian Weng was stunned again, he sighed in his heart: "No agreement and they are also giving me Immortal Gu?"</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling waved her hand again: "You can leave now."</p> 
<p>"This subordinate takes his leave." Zui Xian Weng left the battlefield with completely stunned emotions.</p> 
<p>It was truly unbelievable.</p> 
<p>He was freed just like that!</p> 
<p>What Zui Xian Weng felt was deep admiration.</p> 
<p>He started to admire Heavenly Court from the depths of his heart!</p> 
<p>"This is the calibre of the number one force in the world! Qin Ding Ling is not afraid that I will not follow the agreement. With this attitude, she clearly doesn't think much of the inheritance, I am merely just one of her casual pawns. If I do not follow the agreement in the future, unlike Fang Yuan, can't Heavenly Court easily deal with me?"</p> 
<p>Zui Xian Weng was filled with a chilly feeling internally.</p> 
<p>While watching him leave, Fang Zheng could not help but ask: "Lady Qin Ding Ling, we're letting him go like this? What if he goes to join Fang Yuan and betrays us? Wouldn't we be giving this inheritance to Fang Yuan as well? Are we going to give up this method to counter Wu Shuai?"</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng was very familiar with the content of the inheritance.</p> 
<p>It turned out that Heavenly Court had found this inheritance long ago, but before taking it, Qin Ding Ling had some intuition. Her instincts told her to not take the inheritance, it would be better to make her move three days later.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling followed her instincts and waited for three days, finally trapping Zui Xian Weng.</p> 
<p>At this point, she realized the meaning behind her intuition.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling smiled: "Fang Yuan possesses the sovereign immortal aperture and has annexed many grotto-heavens, he even has Paradise Earth's inheritor and the variant human alliance under him, we cannot estimate the speed of his growth at all. If we set an agreement with Zui Xian Weng, it will leave a huge piece of evidence behind."</p> 
<p>"However, when Zui Xian Weng drank the tea, I had already used my method to influence his luck. This will cause him to become enemies with Fang Yuan without doubt."</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng was not convinced, he held onto his beliefs: "Even so, I feel that we should gain a complete hold of this inheritance and use it as a trump card against Fang Yuan. This Zui Xian Weng is just a lone cultivator of Eastern Sea..."</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling chuckled: "You are underestimating Zui Xian Weng while also overestimating the value of this inheritance."</p> 
<p>"Zui Xian Weng is a person who can endure hardship, he is a wise man who knows his circumstances, he possesses one of the three pools in the world, Wine Pool, he is a food path expert. The inheritance of his lineage has always been passed down very stably, while his luck is also very deep and sturdy!"</p> 
<p>"Food path is powerful, while Zui Xian Weng cultivates food path solely, he can almost be considered a representative figure of this path. This has significant meaning!"</p> 
<p>"As for this inheritance?" Qin Ding Ling shook her head: "In my opinion, the most valuable thing is not the killer move golden bottle drunken wine, but that human path wine drinker Immortal Gu recipe."</p> 
<p>This inheritance that Green Ant Ascetic and Wine Fairy created together contained a human path Immortal Gu recipe.</p> 
<p>Wine drinker Gu.</p> 
<p>Similar to hero Gu, scholar Gu, craftsman Gu, and farmer Gu, except that it was not at the mortal level, it was an Immortal Gu!</p>
    </body>
</html>
