<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2192: Invading The Door of Life and Death</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2192: Invading The Door of Life and Death</h1>
        
        <p>Immortal killer move — Year Beast Summoning.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan waved his hand, dozens of immemorial year beasts appeared from the air above him.</p> 
<p>To complete the Twelve Zodiac battle formation, he had kept on fishing immemorial year beasts and gathered a complete set after much difficulty. As for these, they were all leftovers.</p> 
<p>Immemorial year beasts roared and howled as they streaked across the air towards the immortal graveyard.</p> 
<p>Duke Mei and Duke Tong were still blocking Fang Yuan's path.</p> 
<p>At the same time, many Gu Immortal figures appeared from the immortal graveyard. They were those who had died in the battle before.</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortals moved out, stopping all the immemorial year beasts.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan came to a realization after seeing this: "It seems like the Gu Immortals who revived in the immortal graveyard have intact cultivation and dao marks as well. As for the Gu worms, their phantom aperture brings them back to the immortal graveyard when they die."</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court's Gu Immortal revival method was extremely advanced, with almost no flaws.</p> 
<p>"Fortunately, Fang Yuan discovered this ambush in time!" Lu Wei Yin felt fortunate. If they were continued to be kept in dark, when the battle fell to a stalemate, and these Gu Immortals attacked, Longevity Heaven and Fang Yuan's side would be caught off-guard.</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sighed inwardly.</p> 
<p>The reason she concealed these Gu Immortals and did not let them participate in the battle immediately was to ambush at the crucial time, it was also to preserve strength for Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>The expedition to Crazed Demon Cave was not a fight to the death between the three sides, it was a competition to seize the derivation results of the Crazed Demon formation.</p> 
<p>In this aspect, the main player was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable herself, others like Fang Zheng and Che Wei did not have the qualifications to take part in this kind of contest.</p> 
<p>Moreover, with Heavenly Court weakened to a great degree, they had little manpower. Even if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable obtained the Crazed Demon formation's derivation and governed Heavenly Court in the future, she would need manpower to control Central Continent. She could not be a leader with no followers.</p> 
<p>But now, Fang Yuan had discovered these people.</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was aware: This demon Fang Yuan was crafty and cruel with not even a little pride, since he found this weakness, he was definitely going to take advantage of it.</p> 
<p>People like Reckless Savage Demon Venerable disdained attacking those that were weaker than them.</p> 
<p>Although Spectral Soul Demon Venerable slaughtered countless lives, he treated everyone the same. He killed the weak, he killed the strong, slaughter had become his nature and madness had seeped deep into his bones.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan purposely bullied the weak! He liked attacking and bullying the weak, but if he met someone stronger, he would go into hiding. Before the fate war, Heavenly Court searched for him repeatedly, but he kept on hiding, using wisdom path methods to guard against deductions.</p> 
<p>Stardust flew, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had no choice but to move to support the immortal graveyard.</p> 
<p>Immortal Zombie Giant Sun naturally stopped her with all of his methods.</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used the illusion killer move once more, even if Immortal Zombie Giant Sun could find out the real copy, he would need some time to check.</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable succeeded in returning to the immortal graveyard.</p> 
<p>But in just this short while, Duke Mei and Duke Tong had died miserably at Fang Yuan's hands once again.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan tried to catch their phantom apertures, but did not succeed.</p> 
<p>"If the immortal graveyard is not destroyed, these Gu Immortals will still revive with their cultivation level restored. This is a big problem!" Lu Wei Yin also hurried over.</p> 
<p>Following Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's movement, other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals also returned to the immortal graveyard.</p> 
<p>The situation once again turned into an offense and defense battle. Heavenly Court was still the defending side, but this time, they were not guarding Book Mountain, instead, they were surrounding the immortal graveyard and fighting an intense battle!</p> 
<p>"Hmph, once we kill these Gu Immortals and destroy the immortal graveyard, Heavenly Court will only have Star Constellation Immortal Venerable left. Hahahaha." Zhan Bu Du let out crazed laughter filled with killing intent.</p> 
<p>However, Heavenly Court seemed to have expected this situation.</p> 
<p>This immortal graveyard was already modified, Heavenly Court's Gu Immortals flew down and acted as the formation cores, forming an immortal formation.</p> 
<p>The immortal formation created fog that quickly spread across the whole battlefield. Inside it, Gu Immortals could not see clearly, like they were inside thick clouds.</p> 
<p>Not only this, Gu Immortal figures were still rising from the immortal graveyard.</p> 
<p>Zhan Bu Du and the rest fought with these figures, these figures had the same battle strength as their main bodies, but after they were killed, they only broke apart into lumps of fog.</p> 
<p>Immortal Zombie Giant Sun deduced for a while and said: "This is a painting path formation, but it also contains human path methods. This formation uses Divine Emperor City as the core, Heavenly Court Gu Immortals as supplementary cores, and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable as the main formation core. It will be extremely difficult for us to break this formation, do you have a good plan?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan shook his head, his expression turned cold.</p> 
<p>Once they entered a deadlock, it would be very disadvantageous to him.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court had infiltrated the Crazed Demon formation very deeply, they had a huge lead. If Heavenly Court was allowed to stall for time, when the three great worlds broke down into fuel for the Crazed Demon formation and the derivation of eternal life succeeds, Heavenly Court would have a much higher chance to seize the results than Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court was not a match for Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun's alliance in a frontal fight. But under Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's strategic and decisive leadership, Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun were the ones who fell into a passive state.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was aware of the severity of this situation, immediately replying: "I know a bit about human path methods, but I don't know the first thing about painting path. Giant Sun, you are proficient in painting path, we need to join hands to have a chance at deciphering this formation."</p> 
<p>Immortal Zombie Giant Sun nodded slightly, he had the intention of allying as well.</p> 
<p>Immediately, the two stopped attacking. They only ordered Lu Wei Yin, Zhan Bu Du, Bing Sai Chuan, and the rest to try attacking the formation, so that they could gain all kinds of clues and test their speculations.</p> 
<p>Fifteen minutes went by, Qi Sea, Qi Jue, and the rest continued attacking with no success, their injuries accumulated instead.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court's formation was still standing firmly.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan suddenly made his move, the Human Sea in his sovereign immortal aperture became turbulent, causing the fog in the outside world to fluctuate as well.</p> 
<p>Immortal Zombie Giant Sun acted as well, spitting out rays of golden light. The golden light spread throughout the whole formation like ripples.</p> 
<p>Wherever the golden light went, the fog dissipated, revealing the immortal graveyard.</p> 
<p>The two sides' alliance army saw this and cheered.</p> 
<p>But this did not continue for long, the golden light dissipated quickly; the fog was restored almost immediately, blocking the sight of the immortals again.</p> 
<p>Zhan Bu Du and the rest tried to attack the formation, but they failed. They could not even sense the locations of the formation cores.</p> 
<p>Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was astonished for a moment before smiling bitterly: "This formation should have already broken, but the main formation core is Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. She forcefully used a wisdom path method to stabilize this formation!"</p> 
<p>Gu Immortals were the foundation of killer moves, the main part of any methods was still the person. Under Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's control, this formation of Heavenly Court's was forcefully stabilized, firmly obstructing Immortal Zombie Giant Sun's and Fang Yuan's alliance army.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan slowly shook his head: "Looks like we won't be able to break this formation in a short period of time."</p> 
<p>Immortal Zombie Giant Sun did not reply, silently agreeing with this judgment.</p> 
<p>When he and Fang Yuan attacked just earlier, it was already their strongest method that was allowed in this situation. Since it could not break this formation, they would need half a month or so to deduce and break this formation.</p> 
<p>According to the current fusion rate of the great worlds as well as the Crazed Demon formation that was accelerated by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, half a month was enough for the derivation to be complete.</p> 
<p>Immortal Zombie Giant Sun's expression returned to normal, asking brightly: "Good formation! Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, can you tell me the name of this formation?"</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's voice came from within the fog: "This formation is called Transient White Cloud City Suppression, it was created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable but was not perfected. Only now, after Heavenly Court explored deeply into human path, we managed to fortunately complete it."</p> 
<p>Right at this time, Fang Yuan attacked once again, causing the formation fog to turn chaotic.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan continued: "Giant Sun, since we cannot break the formation, we need to weaken Star Constellation Immortal Venerable for the future."</p> 
<p>"That is reasonable." Immortal Zombie Giant Sun immediately shot golden light which spread throughout the whole formation.</p> 
<p>Wherever the golden light went, the fog disappeared and everything was cleared.</p> 
<p>But, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable still stabilized the formation, soon, the battlefield was covered in fog again.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun attacked again and again, while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable stabilized the formation every time. Both sides had no other choice.</p> 
<p>As this stalemate continued, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun's expression changed suddenly, he felt some changes in luck.</p> 
<p>After dozens more rounds, Divine Emperor City suddenly shook, an immortal flew out of the painting world.</p> 
<p>Immortal Zombie Giant Sun took this chance and shot out golden light, instantly, rays of golden light spread like ripples.</p> 
<p>Divine Emperor City's shaking caught Star Constellation Immortal Venerable off-guard, the formation was not stabilized, causing the formation to break. Many Heavenly Court Gu Immortals who acted as the formation cores started coughing blood, every one of them was heavily injured!</p> 
<p>Zhan Bu Du took the lead to kill his way into the immortal graveyard, shouting towards that Gu Immortal who broke through the painting world: "Shen Shang, ally with us in attacking Heavenly Court!"</p> 
<p>This crucial character who broke the formation was the pseudo venerable of Eastern Sea's righteous path who cultivated human path, Shen Shang.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang was shocked mentally and physically, but he immediately joined Fang Yuan's side without any hesitation and attacked Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable heaved a deep sigh as she waved her sleeve. She took all the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals and Immortal Gu Houses, and entered deep into the immortal graveyard.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun naturally would not give up. They chased all the way and saw a secluded domain of heaven and earth in the depths of the immortal graveyard.</p> 
<p>This secluded domain of heaven and earth was a tall pitch-black door, it emitted an aura of eeriness, deathly silence, terror, and power.</p> 
<p>Secluded domain of heaven and earth — Door of Life and Death!</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable entered the Door of Life and Death, but Fang Yuan and the rest slowed down.</p> 
<p>It was not easy to enter the Door of Life and Death.</p> 
<p>\&lt;\&lt;The Legends of Ren Zu\&gt;\&gt; recorded this in detail, Ren Zu had once asked wisdom Gu for guidance, wisdom Gu told Ren Zu the path to enter the Door of Life and Death was called the path of destiny. Living beings could enter the door through the path of death; if they wanted to exit, they needed to walk through the road of life. The path of death was filled with suffering Gu, while the road of life had three obstacles - Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po Valley, and Reverse Flow River. Within the Door of Life and Death, there was Pacifying Soul Lake, fairness Gu, and so on.</p> 
<p>Not only these, according to Fang Yuan's intel, it was clear that the Door of Life and Death had Spectral Soul Demon Venerable's main body as well as Ren Zu's eldest son Verdant Great Sun's soul!</p> 
<p>Now, there was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and the Heavenly Court immortals.</p> 
<p>The Door of Life and Death had become a dangerous area.</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable entered the Door of Life and Death with no hesitation, there was close to zero possibility of there being no arrangements inside.</p>
    </body>
</html>
