<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2073: Enthusiastic Cultivation</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2073: Enthusiastic Cultivation</h1>
        
        <p>Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Central Continent.</p> 
<p>A new time path immortal formation's activation had reached a crucial point.</p> 
<p>"Go." Fang Yuan willed, a large lump of cactus honey shot into the formation.</p> 
<p>This was a rank eight time path immortal material.</p> 
<p>At the next moment, profound light erupted and turned into countless light specks, which then spread rapidly like silver-white fireworks.</p> 
<p>The light specks dissipated rapidly without any indication, as if the formation that Fang Yuan had constructed with great effort had completely failed.</p> 
<p>However, when Fang Yuan used his investigative killer move, he saw the phantom image of a pool in midair. This pool was similar to a year essence pool but it was not big, only about ten percent of the size of a year essence pool.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan observed for a while before nodding in satisfaction, this formation arrangement was a success.</p> 
<p>With a thought, he opened the rank eight year essence pool in the mini nine heavens. A tributary of the River of Time flowed down and gathered into the newly constructed sub-pool.</p> 
<p>When the water of the River of Time in the sub-pool had accumulated to a certain level, it started to operate on its own. The river water passed through the bottom and poured onto the ground below.</p> 
<p>At the bottom of the year essence sub-pool was an area of white fog. The fog covered a marsh which had a large number of desolate plants — extreme marsh flowers.</p> 
<p>Some of these flowers were in the shape of an erect bud that was the size of a house. Some were blossomed and looked like a trumpet with their petals connected, and strands of white mist constantly spread towards the outside from the pistil of the flowers.</p> 
<p>This was the flower mist extreme marsh that Fang Yuan had constructed meticulously.</p> 
<p>Rank eight Immortal Gu Regret's food was the fresh extreme marsh flower mist.</p> 
<p>Under the irrigation of the tributary of the River of Time, the whole flower mist extreme marsh's time was sped up. The water of the River of Time continued to spread over the surroundings, but walls of blue translucent light appeared around the flower mist extreme marsh.</p> 
<p>As such, the time acceleration was only limited to the range within the walls.</p> 
<p>"Success, it can even be said to be perfect." Fang Yuan inspected several times and was greatly satisfied when he found no issues.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had obtained the method of the light blue translucent walls from Time Difference grotto-heaven.</p> 
<p>Time Difference grotto-heaven's large resource points were all like this, encapsulated by walls of light, the rate of time inside was many times faster than other areas. Thus, Time Difference grotto-heaven had an outstanding production of time path resources.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan added the year essence pool on top of the original foundation, every sub-pool was in charge of regulating the time of a time path zone. The rank eight year essence pool was the main dam and these year essence sub-pools were secondary dams. The tributary of the River of Time drawn from the River of Time was first gathered into year essence pool and its largest distributary was spread over the whole immortal aperture, while many sub-distributaries gathered into secondary dams and sped up the production of the resources.</p> 
<p>Like this, Fang Yuan's resource production was accelerated by over ten times!</p> 
<p>Naturally, this method was not just used to speed up the resource production, it could also be used on Gu worms.</p> 
<p>When the Gu worms were placed in a slowed time path zone, their food requirement would fall sharply.</p> 
<p>This method showed minimal effect in other Gu Immortals' hands, the reason was simple — dao mark conflict. The time path zones were a time path method in essence, if they were used on Gu worms of other paths, the higher their rank, the lower the effect they would have on them.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan possessed heaven path dao marks which could reduce internal friction. After he attempted this method, he found the effects were quite wonderful.</p> 
<p>On one hand, it could reduce the food requirement of the Gu worms; on the other hand, it could increase resource production. The issue of food for Gu worms was resolved before it even became a problem.</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor left, but Fang Yuan was not idle during these few days.</p> 
<p>The blessed lands left behind by the dead Eastern Sea Gu Immortals were almost all annexed by him.</p> 
<p>And regarding the two heavens' grotto-heavens, Fang Yuan intended to leave them alone for the moment.</p> 
<p>First, the sovereign immortal aperture needed food and had to annex a grotto-heaven once in a while, it could also reset the countdown of calamities and tribulations, which allowed Fang Yuan to make arrangements flexibly.</p> 
<p>Secondly, grotto-heavens were like flower pots that were growing the qi harvest fruits. Although there was not a big hope, if the qi harvest fruits could continue to grow, it would not only be a suppression towards the variant human alliance members, it could also nourish the Qi Sea clone.</p> 
<p>As for the three grotto-heavens that Fang Yuan annexed before, they were necessary.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan urgently needed to replenish his immortal essence.</p> 
<p>The efficiency of using immortal essence stones was too low in replenishing rank eight immortal essence, the main source was self-production.</p> 
<p>But the immortal aperture's immortal essence production depended on the immortal aperture origin core. And whether the immortal aperture origin core was strengthened or not, it depended on the immortal aperture's development.</p> 
<p>To increase the development, Fang Yuan had to annex those three grotto-heavens.</p> 
<p>The fate war had consumed a large amount of Fang Yuan's immortal essence reserves. Afterwards, Fang Yuan did not have any time to rest, he ran around many places during the qi tides, searching for a way to deal with heaven path dao marks. After finding the method, Fang Yuan entered Heavenly Court, which immediately started the pursuit battle.</p> 
<p>Over this period of time, Fang Yuan had fought too many battles and almost all the battles were against strong enemies who were at the peak of the Gu Immortal world.</p> 
<p>By now, Fang Yuan's immortal essence reserves had already fallen below the warning line, he needed to rest and recuperate and could not fight anymore within a short period of time!</p> 
<p>"Fortunately, I seized the year essence pool and have plenty of time path methods that are able to speed up my immortal aperture's time flow to the limits. Otherwise, my immortal essence would have already been exhausted."</p> 
<p>"Such a pity that I don't have rank eight Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, otherwise I would not have to be worried about this."</p> 
<p>Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus could produce rank eight immortal essence, its owner, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, had been the venerable with the largest immortal essence reserves! Since Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable began his cultivation, he seemed to have never had to worry about primeval essence or immortal essence. On the contrary, his enemies would often fall into the awkward situation of using up all their primeval essence and immortal essence when fighting Genesis Lotus.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan lacked immortal essence currently and it was delaying his recovery.</p> 
<p>To explore dream realms, he needed immortal essence.</p> 
<p>To cultivate soul path, he needed immortal essence.</p> 
<p>He had lost many of his Immortal Gu and they needed to be refined. He had many low ranked Immortal Gu which needed to be upgraded. The injured Immortal Gu needed to be repaired using refinement path methods, which also required immortal essence.</p> 
<p>Because of the lacking immortal essence, he had to reserve the final bit of it for any unexpected situations, so Fang Yuan could only put these tasks aside for the moment.</p> 
<p>Only because the difficulty of creating compound killer moves was very small, he was able to barely manage it. Testing new killer moves no doubt required immortal essence, but it was within an acceptable range.</p> 
<p>Besides accumulating immortal essence and deducing compound killer moves, Fang Yuan was relocating resource points as well as sorting out the immortal materials.</p> 
<p>The resource points of the two heavens' grotto-heavens that could be moved were all relocated by Fang Yuan. After all, these grotto-heavens were in the immemorial two heavens, they had to defend a vast area and would not be able to defend against enemy attacks in time.</p> 
<p>The countless immortal materials were sorted out and stored in several storages within the sovereign immortal aperture. Fang Yuan imitated Heavenly Court and constructed several large disclosed storages as well as several highly valuable hidden storages.</p> 
<p>The variant human Gu Immortals enjoyed the favor of heaven's will and were truly rich.</p> 
<p>Among the resources, wood path immortal materials were most abundant. Because Xiao He Jian and Green Forest Great Sage were minimen, besides them, there were also two wood path grotto-heavens.</p> 
<p>There were naturally many immortal materials of other paths as well, but what gave Fang Yuan a pleasant surprise was he was able to get luck path immortal materials, and at an astonishing scale at that!</p> 
<p>For example, luck path ancient desolate beast rolling cat, after collecting all of them, Fang Yuan discovered he had gathered dozens.</p> 
<p>This small cat was extremely exquisite and could roll around on an adult's stretched palm.</p> 
<p>The rolling cat looked extremely endearing with its snow white fur, tender claws, and large shiny black eyes. Its purring sound was also extremely delicate, meow meow meow.... the listener's heart would go wild.</p> 
<p>There was also lucky jade, this was a rank eight luck path immortal material. It let out dazzling light from time to time and contained a dense number of luck path dao marks.</p> 
<p>Tooth gap water was another luck path material. It looked no different from ordinary spring water, but if one drank it, it would get stuck in the gaps between teeth; it was not only extremely unpleasant, it even reduced the Gu Immortal's luck sharply.</p> 
<p>"The variant human alliance does not have anyone cultivating luck path. But these people were able to develop a utopia away from the rule of humanity, they secluded themselves from the world and propagated, their luck naturally would be high. Let alone when they have the favor of heaven's will!" Fang Yuan carefully pondered, it made sense to gain these luck path immortal materials.</p> 
<p>These luck path immortal materials were highly valuable to Fang Yuan and they came at the right time.</p> 
<p>Because he needed to advance many luck path Immortal Gu but had only raised the rank of Cooking Luck Pot. Cooking Luck Pot's rank was somewhat too low for the current Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan estimated he would earn a large amount of immortal materials and even Immortal Gu in the future.</p> 
<p>Because those Eastern Sea Gu Immortal captives were still locked in the sovereign immortal aperture!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's extortion letters were already sent to every large force of Eastern Sea.</p> 
<p>After the heads of Eastern Sea's righteous path received the extortion letters, they sent them to Qi Sea Ancestor, hoping to listen to his opinion and ask him to decide.</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor had just finished running around all the two heavens' grotto-heavens that had allied with him and absorbed all of the qi harvest fruits.</p> 
<p>Currently, his qi path dao marks had broken through two million!</p> 
<p>In less than half a month, the Qi Sea clone's strength rose explosively at a shocking rate.</p> 
<p>The Qi Sea clone did not publicize and hid it for the moment, he would hide it however long he could.</p> 
<p>"If those remaining qi harvest fruits could grow up again, it would be better." Qi Sea Ancestor secretly hoped, but he knew there was not much chance of this happening.</p> 
<p>The qi harvest fruits were produced because of qi tides. Almost all the grotto-heavens were sitting on heaven veins, so they had major issues with this.</p> 
<p>In the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan, the five regions' qi tides showed no movements, which signified the merging of the five regions' qi was near completion.</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor was also pondering about his own cultivation.</p> 
<p>He did not lack dao marks nor immortal essence, but killer moves.</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor only had few presentable killer moves. Although he obtained Primordial Origin's true inheritance, Heavenly Court was too familiar with the killer moves in it and they needed to be modified.</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor's ambition naturally was not limited to just this.</p> 
<p>He wanted to create his own combat system!</p> 
<p>His killer moves alone could bully some rank eight experts or the weaker pseudo venerables. But when facing people like Spectral Soul and Duke Long, he needed an excellent combat system.</p> 
<p>The main factor that influenced a Gu Immortal's strength was cultivation level. But killer moves, Immortal Gu, immortal essence, favorable conditions, and so on also were influencing factors. For instance, special killer moves like reverse flow protection seal could allow the Gu Immortal to bypass ranks in battle. A combat system was also one of the factors.</p> 
<p>To most Gu Immortals, a combat system was not necessary. Because the mentioned factors were enough to create a difference in battle strength and decide victory or defeat.</p> 
<p>But to Fang Yuan and Qi Sea, a combat system was a must.</p> 
<p>Because when cultivation level, killer moves, Immortal Gu and other common factors could not decide victory or defeat, it would depend on who had a mature and more outstanding combat system.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's extortion letters made a round before finally arriving at Qi Sea Ancestor's desk.</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor did not even take a glance at them, because he was aware of the content.</p> 
<p>"My injuries are not light, I need to recuperate in closed cultivation." Qi Sea Ancestor's one sentence made Eastern Sea's righteous path lose the will to resist Fang Yuan. Even Qi Sea Ancestor did not stand up, who else could resist Fang Yuan?</p> 
<p>Pay the immortal materials obediently to get back their clans' Gu Immortals?</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor spoke once again: "I have already contacted Heavenly Court, maybe they will send their troops to reinforce us."</p> 
<p>The Eastern Sea righteous path Gu Immortals felt complicated emotions and could not say anything.</p> 
<p>After all, Qi Sea Ancestor was 'heavily injured' and he even contacted Heavenly Court for them, he did not act indifferent towards them.</p> 
<p>As a lone cultivator who sided with the righteous path, Qi Sea Ancestor had already done what he could!</p> 
<p>As for those Xia clan Gu Immortals, they rested and recuperated inside the Qi Sea formation. Their first supreme elder was already killed by Fang Yuan, the remaining few Gu Immortals became much more obedient.</p> 
<p>They had been anything but obedient before, especially when the variant human Gu Immortals escaped from Central Continent. These Xia clan Gu Immortals had been extremely happy and thought the chance to regain their home had come.</p> 
<p>The result...</p> 
<p>The result was, the Qi Sea clone went along with and made use of their plan, their last Immortal Gu House was dismantled, their first supreme elder was killed.</p>
    </body>
</html>
