<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2265: Grotto-Heaven’s Calamity</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2265: Grotto-Heaven’s Calamity</h1>
        <p>Hundreds of stars shot down at Profound Literature grotto-heaven.</p>
<p>Old Immortal Hua Yu’s subordinates had already heard the news, they waited in vigilance.</p>
<p>“They’re back!”</p>
<p>“Quickly activate the immortal formation!!”</p>
<p>Bam bam bam...</p>
<p>The stars landed on the immortal formation and erupted with immense power.</p>
<p>Profound light flashed as the stars broke into countless fragments.</p>
<p>The immortal formation suffered the heavy impact, the Gu Immortals coughed out blood from</p>
<p>injuries.</p>
<p>A moment later, the tattered immortal formation still remained, while several stars continued to</p>
<p>attack.</p>
<p>“Retreat.” Old Immortal Hua Yu ordered.</p>
<p>“Lord?!”</p>
<p>“But the grotto-heaven is right behind us.”</p>
<p>“If anything happens...”</p>
<p>“I refuse to retreat! Even if I have to give up my life, I will defend our home!”</p>
<p>Even though the Gu Immortals were currently weakened, their morale was very high.</p>
<p>Profound Literature grotto-heaven was originally condensed into a small dot in empty space, no</p>
<p>matter how the stars flew outside, it was unaffected. But with the fusion of two heavens, an</p>
<p>intense change occurred.</p>
<p>All of the two heavens’ grotto-heavens that were hidden were forced to reveal themselves.</p>
<p>Currently, behind the half-broken immortal formation was Profound Literature grotto-heaven’s</p>
<p>entrance.</p>
<p>Even though the entrance was shut, it was exposed and could not be hidden.</p>
<p>Old Immortal Hua Yu shouted: ”I have my ways, don’t hesitate, otherwise, you will lose your</p>
<p>lives in vain!”</p>
<p>The immortals went silent, they quickly dismantled the immortal formation and escaped into</p>
<p>Profound Literature grotto-heaven.</p>
<p>They all believed in Old Immortal Hua Yu.</p>
<p>“Here they come.” Old Immortal Hua Yu was alone as he watched the approaching stars, his</p>
<p>expression was grim.</p>
<p>Immortal killer move — Cold Words!</p>
<p>Immortal killer move — Shattered Words!</p>
<p>The first move created frost that slowed down the stars. The second move slashed at the stars</p>
<p>and shattered them into pieces.</p>
<p>However, large star fragments still continued to fly towards him with the remaining force.</p>
<p>“I’ll risk it!” Old Immortal Hua Yu shouted loudly, he disregarded his own life and used methods</p>
<p>without stopping, eventually blocking all of the star fragments.</p>
<p>Guh.</p>
<p>He spat out a mouthful of blood, his expression was pale and wounds were all over his body,</p>
<p>shining in star path light.</p>
<p>With the fusion of two heavens, the flying trajectory of the stars was affected by the Heavenly</p>
<p>Dao and became chaotic, they were also amplified and became more powerful.</p>
<p>Even the rank eight Old Immortal Hua Yu had great difficulty in blocking them.</p>
<p>Old Immortal Hua Yu was about to return when he suddenly turned around, seeing another</p>
<p>group of stars flying towards him.</p>
<p>If these stars really hit, Profound Literature grotto-heaven would not be able to take the impact!</p>
<p>His pupils contracted rapidly and his expression froze, but soon, he relaxed.</p>
<p>He was resolved for this.</p>
<p>Even if he had to sacrifice his life, he had to block them!</p>
<p>But at this time, Jun Shen Guang suddenly appeared.</p>
<p>Heavenly veil!</p>
<p>He flew while tossing with his hands, he quickly arrived in front of the stars and set up the</p>
<p>heavenly veil.</p>
<p>Once the stars landed on the heavenly veil, it started shaking intensely, clear ripples could be</p>
<p>seen on it.</p>
<p>“Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortal, Jun Shen Guang!” Old Immortal Hua Yu’s expression froze for</p>
<p>a second.</p>
<p>“Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance’s Old Immortal Hua Yu!” Jun Shen Guang was slightly</p>
<p>stunned and soon felt worried. It was currently the crucial period, if Old Immortal Hua Yu took</p>
<p>action, the heavenly veil would get destroyed again.</p>
<p>But Jun Shen Guang’s worries did not end up happening.</p>
<p>After fifteen minutes passed, Old Immortal Hua Yu still watched from the side and did not act.</p>
<p>Jun Shen Guang collected the heavenly veil and collected all of the stars successfully.</p>
<p>Finally, Jun Shen Guang cast a deep gaze at Old Immortal Hua Yu, before dragging the huge</p>
<p>heavenly veil bag and leaving with the stars.</p>
<p>Old Immortal Hua Yu had a complex expression as he opened the immortal aperture’s entrance</p>
<p>and entered the grotto-heaven.</p>
<p>He was actually saved by Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Throughout the entire Profound Literature grotto-heaven, calamities struck everywhere, there</p>
<p>were earthquakes and floods, volcanic eruptions caused huge areas of thick smoke in the sky,</p>
<p>and acid rain had also been pouring for more than ten days.</p>
<p>“With the fusion of two heavens, the Heavenly Dao is stirred. Heaven’s will is chaotic, and all of</p>
<p>our grotto-heavens that are situated on the heaven vein node are suffering.”</p>
<p>“Lifeforms have perished, living beings are anguished!”</p>
<p>“Sigh, I am guilty...”</p>
<p>Old Immortal Hua Yu sighed deeply, he was filled with guilt, helplessness, angry, sadness, and</p>
<p>other complex emotions.</p>
<p>The Gu Immortals of the two heavens’ grotto-heavens had deep feelings for their own</p>
<p>grotto-heaven world. This was different from the Gu Immortals of the five regions.</p>
<p>Gu Immortals of the two heavens’ grotto-heavens were ostracized by the five regions, they had</p>
<p>to survive in this dangerous place.</p>
<p>Most of them were secluded cultivators, their grotto-heavens were the final and most important</p>
<p>homeland where they could experience peace and comfort.</p>
<p>Among these grotto-heavens, Profound Literature grotto-heaven established a dynasty ruled by</p>
<p>a single Gu Immortal force, it had deep literary development and the citizens saw this homeland</p>
<p>as the most precious thing.</p>
<p>The immortals quickly came to greet Old Immortal Hua Yu.</p>
<p>“This was too dangerous. We should get help from the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance</p>
<p>again!”</p>
<p>“With the fusion of two heavens, the environment has gotten incredibly dangerous. Those</p>
<p>Eastern Sea Gu Immortals live in peace and tranquility, why would they come here and do such</p>
<p>a risky thing?”</p>
<p>“Sigh, it is possible to get their help. But the price to pay is too high.”</p>
<p>“The entire Imperial Court’s foundation is running dry!”</p>
<p>“Skeleton grotto-heaven and others are also asking for help without caring about expenses. This</p>
<p>creates a negative effect where Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals demand higher prices in response.</p>
<p>Damn it!”</p>
<p>“Sigh, Lord Alliance Leader is not even taking control of this!”</p>
<p>“Great Love Immortal Venerable is busy refining dao marks or making arrangements in Western</p>
<p>Desert. Why would he care about the affairs of our small Profound Literature grotto-heaven?”</p>
<p>“In any case, our Profound Literature grotto-heaven will get annexed by him eventually!”</p>
<p>Old Immortal Hua Yu’s expression turned solemn as he scolded: ”Everyone, shut up, don’t talk</p>
<p>about Lord Alliance Leader in such a manner!”</p>
<p>Even though he said that, Old Immortal Hua Yu had a thought flash in his mind, he recalled the</p>
<p>deep gaze that Jun Shen Guang showed earlier.</p>
<p>Longevity Heaven.</p>
<p>Golden light rippled constantly in waves.</p>
<p>“Hold on, hold on!” Several Gu Immortals among the Eight Extremities were controlling Calamity</p>
<p>Luck Altar as they tried to stabilize the situation.</p>
<p>The entire Longevity Heaven was shaking intensely.</p>
<p>The earth shook.</p>
<p>Not just Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan was also controlling Luck Suppression Heavenly</p>
<p>Palace.</p>
<p>However, both luck path Immortal Gu Houses were only barely able to keep the current situation</p>
<p>stable.</p>
<p>Boom.</p>
<p>With a loud sound, the ground cracked and also broke the entire Longevity Heaven into two.</p>
<p>Swoosh swoosh.</p>
<p>Waves surged from below, scarlet red light soared up into the sky.</p>
<p>A vast sea of blood appeared in front of the immortals.</p>
<p>“Longevity Heaven has such a huge Blood Sea?” Bing Sai Chuan and the rest were shaken.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>The bright and peaceful atmosphere was no more.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling, Red Heart Traveler, Nine Spiritual Fairy, Prince Feng Xian, and other members</p>
<p>were moving around everywhere.</p>
<p>Shabi Ninety-five, Ruan Dan, and even Qing Chou were mobilized to stabilize this situation.</p>
<p>Both the sky and earth were forming terrifying cracks.</p>
<p>The grand palaces had already been dismantled by Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, they were</p>
<p>condensed into ten or more rank six, seven, and eight Immortal Gu Houses.</p>
<p>No matter what the situation was, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not pay any</p>
<p>attention to it, she focused entirely on refining Heavenly Court’s wisdom path dao marks.</p>
<p>Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s soul was lying in the pool water, feeling extremely relaxed.</p>
<p>The water was hot and steam was coming out of it, forming a region of white smoke.</p>
<p>Once in a while, there would be ripples in the water that splattered on Fang Yuan’s soul.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s soul originally had hundreds of arms and two heads, after the cleansing of the pool</p>
<p>water, hundreds of arms had vanished, he also returned to having one head.</p>
<p>This was not an ordinary pool, it was Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool!</p>
<p>After Fang Yuan raised advance refinement Immortal Gu to rank nine, he started modifying Four</p>
<p>Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool. Some time ago, he started to refine his soul in</p>
<p>it.</p>
<p>Because the rank nine advance refinement Immortal Gu was added, Four Elements Square</p>
<p>Regret Blood Refinement Pool became a genuine rank nine Immortal Gu House.</p>
<p>This Immortal Gu House still had the same four cores, Advance Refinement, Water Refinement,</p>
<p>Regret, and Blood Asset.</p>
<p>Advance Refinement was rank nine, the other three were rank eight.</p>
<p>Among which, blood asset Immortal Gu had reached its limit, it could not be raised to rank nine.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court’s suppression of blood path’s development was showing great effect here.</p>
<p>Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool was created before the battle in Crazed</p>
<p>Demon Cave, after advance refinement Immortal Gu became rank nine, Fang Yuan could</p>
<p>modify it now that he was a refinement path supreme grandmaster.</p>
<p>Right now, Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool had undoubtedly gained a</p>
<p>huge boost in power in terms of refining Gu!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s soul used Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool to cleanse itself,</p>
<p>the effect was incredible.</p>
<p>The drawback of cultivating soul path was gradually weakening.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s soul path cultivation mainly relied on Spectral Soul’s soul path true inheritance.</p>
<p>This true inheritance had a huge drawback, it was completely exposed now!</p>
<p>Humans could reach hundred million man soul at most, that was their racial limit.</p>
<p>But after Red Lotus Demon Venerable damaged fate Gu, and with Spectral Soul Demon</p>
<p>Venerable’s innovation, he broke the limit of the human soul and created a qualitative change,</p>
<p>he allowed hundred million man soul to reach desolate soul. After that, it could continue to grow</p>
<p>to ten desolate soul, hundred desolate soul... all the way to hundred million desolate soul.</p>
<p>Hundred million desolate soul was the end point of Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, it could</p>
<p>create the Three Headed Thousand Arms Demon Soul which possessed quasi-rank nine battle</p>
<p>strength. The soul could directly resist calamities and tribulations, defy the heavens and stomp</p>
<p>the earth, slaughter deities and ghosts, and shock the world with unmatched might!</p>
<p>This was the peak of soul cultivation, it was the upper limit that this world could allow.</p>
<p>But Fang Yuan gradually found that this cultivation method had a huge drawback, because</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable overly pursued strength, many threats were left behind.</p>
<p>A human soul was a human soul, after becoming a desolate soul, the pure human nature would</p>
<p>gain beast nature, or more accurately speaking, heaven nature!</p>
<p>Hundred million desolate soul was truly terrifying, but the proportion of human nature also</p>
<p>became very low, the bestial traits took over most of its nature.</p>
<p>At this current moment, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable lost his senses and got controlled by</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. Afterwards, he roamed the two heavens and acted</p>
<p>according to his beast nature, this was the most obvious flaw!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had some estimations towards Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s current condition.</p>
<p>Some time ago, Shen Shang contributed his human path cultivation results, Fang Yuan</p>
<p>compared the two and confirmed the drawback of soul path cultivation.</p>
<p>“In the past, human path was not developed, thus, the limit of a human was hundred million man</p>
<p>soul. Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had to break through it forcefully, but truthfully, he had</p>
<p>gone in the wrong direction.”</p>
<p>“Of course, there are many reasons for this.”</p>
<p>“Back then, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable wanted to create killing path, he devoured the</p>
<p>black heaven heavenly spirit but failed to succeed, causing him to create soul path instead.</p>
<p>There is a huge secret behind this, the more I think about this, the scarier it is!”</p>
    </body>
</html>