<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2298: Yin-Yang Path, Multiple Pregnancy Gu</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2298: Yin-Yang Path, Multiple Pregnancy Gu</h1>
        <p>Fei Wu saw Yao Huang’s expression of confusion and laughed, he explained happily: ”When a Gu Master undergoes immortal ascension, they will have a fortuitous encounter known as natural inspiration.”</p>
<p>“What is the cause of it?”</p>
<p>“Heaven and earth qi contain heaven’s will while human qi contains human will, at this crucial moment, the three qi fuse together, meaning heaven’s will and human will congregate, allowing the person to ask heaven and earth for answers regarding the profundities and truths of the world.”</p>
<p>“This is because heaven’s will acknowledged the human will.”</p>
<p>“Why?”</p>
<p>“From what I see, once an aperture undergoes qualitative change, it will become an immortal aperture. This is an achievement that grants benefit to the world. The Heavenly Dao wants to see this happen, thus, it rewards the human will.”</p>
<p>“The specialty of Unified Essence Yi Qi Zi lies here, its body is made of the Qi of Unified Essence, which is the fusion of three qi, thus, it is able to receive the acknowledgment and reward of heaven’s will at all times.”</p>
<p>Yao Huang stared with wide eyes: ”That means it is able to undergo natural inspiration at all times?!”</p>
<p>Fei Wu shook his head: ”Strictly speaking, yes! But the truth is different. We all know that the three qi create the Unified Essence, it needs to be balanced carefully. If the lump of three qi loses balance, the Gu cultivator will die. This is not true for Yi Qi Zi, failure to balance the three qi will not cause it to be in fatal danger, instead, it will lose its rationality.”</p>
<p>“Continuously controlling and balancing the three qi is too difficult.”</p>
<p>“We have all undergone immortal ascension, it is already too tough for us to sustain the state of balancing the three qi for half a day. But Unified Essence Yi Qi Zi has to undergo it at all times.”</p>
<p>“Thus, after it expends all its effort or gets sick of balancing the three qi, its body will lose control of the three qi. This causes heaven’s will and the human will to intertwine and result in chaos, causing it to lose its rationality.”</p>
<p>“In this condition, it cannot even think normally, how can it make use of the natural inspiration?”</p>
<p>“Regardless, as long as the Qi of Unified Essence exists, heaven’s will still favors the human will, it will be willing to help.”</p>
<p>“If this is an ordinary Gu Master who has not created the immortal aperture yet, they will only be able to interact with heaven’s will and undergo natural inspiration. But Yi Qi Zi is different, it has an immortal aperture already. Thus, when it is sane and clearheaded, its immortal aperture will produce immortal essence. When it is irrational and insane, its immortal aperture will produce immortal essence stones that contain heaven’s will.”</p>
<p>Yao Huang finally understood everything.</p>
<p>Unified Essence Yi Qi Zi was too special, because of its unique physique, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable gained immortal essence stones. But he only distributed rank six immortal essence stones.</p>
<p>After Unified Essence Yi Qi Zi died, Star Constellation assimilated with the Dao, although she could control heaven’s will to some extent, there was a limit to it. Thus, from then on, Heavenly Court could only produce rank six immortal essence stones.</p>
<p>Fei Wu continued: ” Back then, I accidentally found Unified Essence Yi Qi Zi in the fierce area, it was in a state of insanity, buried deep underground and unable to move. I spoke with it but it could not respond clearly, its answer was jumbled but it cursed Heavenly Court’s two venerables with deep hatred. After some time, I pieced together the story and deduced many truths behind the situation.”</p>
<p>“I mobilized the entire Fei tribe and wanted to obtain Unified Essence Yi Qi Zi. I expended immortal materials and modified killer moves to try and manipulate it. After completing my preparations, I went into the fierce area and execute my plan. But to think that Unified Essence Yi Qi Zi actually had its sanity, at that time, I could not back out anymore, I had to continue my plan forcefully. Fei tribe was wiped out while Unified Essence Yi Qi Zi was also sealed by our Fei tribe’s method!”</p>
<p>“Without any accidents, it should still be trapped at the original spot, Ancestor, you only need to go retrieve it.”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable nodded, he brought Fei Wu to the Jade Ring fierce area.</p>
<p>Northern Plains had ten great fierce areas, within them were countless desolate beast groups, immemorial desolate beast and plants were also not rare.</p>
<p>Super forces had the ability to develop in them, but if a mistake happened, they would trigger a huge beast tide. Fei tribe’s failure was one of the examples.</p>
<p>Jade Ring fierce area had more than ten different rings of huge ancient trees.</p>
<p>As one entered deeper into each ring, they would face more danger and threat.</p>
<p>Unified Essence Yi Qi Zi was hidden in the sixth ring.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable personally took action, he quickly arrived at it. Fei Wu had just revived and had no Gu worms but he was only giving directions.</p>
<p>Towards his ancestor, he did not hide anything but only said the truth.</p>
<p>After Giant Sun Immortal Venerable made his deductions, he used a newly modified luck path killer move, it triggered the arrangements of Fei tribe.</p>
<p>After doing that, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable extracted a huge black pearl from deep underground.</p>
<p>The black pearl was large as an elephant, it had a smooth surface and a deeply hidden aura.</p>
<p>“This is the result that our Fei tribe created, even a legendary immemorial beast was sealed by us!” Fei Wu looked at Yi Qi Zi as he sighed with deep emotions.</p>
<p>He had grand ambitions that ended in failure and the entire Fei tribe was wiped out. But thankfully, he was able to revive and use the arrangements they made to help their ancestor, this was all worth it!</p>
<p>After inspecting for some time, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable saw through the information of Yi Qi Zi using the intel from Fei Wu.</p>
<p>Unified Essence Yi Qi Zi was a lump of the Qi of Unified Essence. When it was sane, it would be in human form, the appearance would be hard to differentiate from actual people.</p>
<p>When it stops balancing the three qi and they go into chaos, it would turn into a lump of the Qi of Unified Essence.</p>
<p>If there was more heaven qi, it would float higher, if there was more earth qi, it would sink into the ground.</p>
<p>When Fei tribe fought against it, it had not regained its sanity fully, thus, it could not use its full strength.</p>
<p>Fei Wu and the rest made ample preparations, they deduced a killer move that countered Unified Essence Yi Qi Zi, eventually sealing it here.</p>
<p>Although Fei Wu was only rank seven, Fei tribe had many rank eights in the past, they also had Immortal Gu Houses that were the foundation of a super force. Most importantly, Unified Essence Yi Qi Zi was not sane so its strength could not be used properly.</p>
<p>Without rationality, even Spectral Soul Demon Venerable could not take down Fairy Zi Wei and Ying Wu Xie.</p>
<p>A long time had passed, by now, Fei tribe’s killer move was already greatly weakened, the sealing effect had reached its limit.</p>
<p>But even if Yi Qi Zi regained freely, in its current condition, it would remain on the spot without regaining its senses.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable looked through the Qi of Unified Essence and inspected that deep within its immortal aperture, there were many rank eight immortal essence stones.</p>
<p>The production of immortal essence was as natural as breathing to the immortal aperture origin core, with heaven’s will suppressing the human will the entire time, legendary immemorial beast Yi Qi Zi’s immortal aperture had a large number of rank eight immortal essence stones!</p>
<p>Rank six immortal essence stones had little significance to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, but rank eight immortal essence stones were different.</p>
<p>While happy, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable also found a problem.</p>
<p>There was a lot of heaven’s will inside these rank eight immortal essence stones, if he wanted to absorb them, he would need to get rid of the heaven’s will.</p>
<p>It was troublesome.</p>
<p>If he handled it poorly, it would affect the conversion rate of the immortal essence stones.</p>
<p>For example, one rank eight immortal essence stone might only be able to produce half a bead of rank eight immortal essence after getting rid of the heaven’s will.</p>
<p>Rank six immortal essence stones had no such problem because the heaven’s will inside was too little.</p>
<p>After considering it for a while, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable thought: ”Back then, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable made use of Yi Qi Zi, he also had rank eight immortal essence stones but only distributed the rank six version, he was not likely trying not to alert the variant human Gu Immortals. By Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s era, Yi Qi Zi suicided and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable altered heaven’s will, by fusing it with Heavenly Court’s origin core, they could only produce rank six immortal essence stones.”</p>
<p>“However, where did the storage of rank eight immortal essence stones go? Are they use dup or hidden somewhere?”</p>
<p>“If they are hidden, why did I not find them when I attacked Heavenly Court? Did Spectral Soul Demon Venerable obtain them after ransacking Heavenly Court’s treasury?”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable shook his head.</p>
<p>Afterwards, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was captured by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable made turned into her puppet.</p>
<p>If he had obtained those valuable rank eight immortal essence stones, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would have retrieved them.</p>
<p>But the situation was clear, she had always been lacking immortal essence the entire time!</p>
<p>“No, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable cultivates wisdom path, what if she is hiding it the entire time?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable frowned, his expression turned slightly solemn.</p>
<p>“If she has an abundant supply of immortal essence, why does she still lack it? In what area did she use the essence?”</p>
<p>Ever since Star Constellation Immortal Venerable refined Heavenly Court’s wisdom path dao marks, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had not inspected her situation anymore.</p>
<p>As for Fang Yuan, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could inspect him easily each time.</p>
<p>“If that is the situation, then Star Constellation Immortal Venerable... How much are you hiding? How deep are your secrets?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable looked in the direction of Central Continent.</p>
<p>Eastern Sea.</p>
<p>“Any venerable has talent that is unimaginable to the average genius.” Fang Yuan had already comprehended the information that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable handed to him in their transaction.</p>
<p>He obtained what he wanted.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had already refined rank five blood skull Gu.</p>
<p>Earlier, he was only using rank four blood skull Gu, but Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had a newly developed rank five version.</p>
<p>Although it was a mortal Gu recipe, it had developed beyond the original limit of the world, this showed Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s immense talent.</p>
<p>Rank five blood skull Gu only needed to extract a certain amount of bloodline from the target’s kin, there was no need to slaughter the entire clan.</p>
<p>There was also a method to produce twins.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had no choice but to hand over the research results of yin-yang path that he was secretly looking into.</p>
<p>Back then, in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, there was the inheritance of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable regarding yin-yang path. The content was a method, to use it, a male and female Gu Immortal had to cooperate, using copulation to extend the lifespan of one of them.</p>
<p>But there was a flaw in this.</p>
<p>If one gains lifespan, the other must lose lifespan.</p>
<p>In other words, it was to transfer the lifespan of one person to the other.</p>
<p>Right now, the yin-yang path research result that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable handed to Fang Yuan was much more complete and comprehensive than the one hidden in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had grand ambitions in creating this path, he wanted to use yin-yang to describe all beings in the world.</p>
<p>This was the same as Feng Jiu Ge’s desire to use sound path to express all life in this world.</p>
<p>But as Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s strength and knowledge increased, he recognized that his former ideology of yin-yang was very shallow, he eventually gave up on creating it.</p>
<p>Although there were some research results in yin-yang path, it could not achieve a qualitative change to become a brand new path. At most, it could be used with other paths to occasionally create some unorthodox small gains.</p>
<p>Yin-yang life extension method was one of such results.</p>
<p>Another of such small gains were abortion Gu, safe pregnancy Gu, multiple pregnancy Gu, become pregnant Gu, reincarnation Gu, dead fetus Gu, and others.</p>
<p>Multiple pregnancy Gu was what Fang Yuan wanted.</p>
<p>Rank one could be used to produce one child, rank two produced twins. Rank three produced triplets, rank four produced quadruplets, and rank five produced quintuplets.</p>
    </body>
</html>