<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2292: Obtaining Wisdom Gu Again</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2292: Obtaining Wisdom Gu Again</h1>
        <p>Eastern Sea.</p>
<p>At the depths of the sea, in complete darkness.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s main body concealed his movements as he secretly arrived here.</p>
<p>A huge translucent bubble could be seen in front of him.</p>
<p>“This should be the place.” Fang Yuan realized, he stopped moving, closely inspecting it.</p>
<p>This bubble was formed in a special manner, it was a secret underwater world created from many elements, like an underwater volcano’s eruption, the surrounding sea water, and the qi tides that swept past previously.</p>
<p>Fire path, earth path, water path, and qi path, the dao marks of these four paths created this isolated utopia.</p>
<p>This place was very well hidden, unless any Gu Immortal saw it personally, it would be hard to detect.</p>
<p>“I’ll name this the four paths air bubble.” Fang Yuan activated his investigative method and observed the surroundings, before opening his immortal aperture’s entrance to let out a Gu Immortal.</p>
<p>This Gu Immortal had pink wavy hair, he was Fang Yuan’s dream path clone, Meng Qiu Zhen.</p>
<p>Meng Qiu Zhen’s cultivation level was still low, but he was a dream path cultivator.</p>
<p>Because the mission was quite special, Fang Yuan purposely dispatched him. Otherwise, he would stay inside the sovereign immortal aperture most of the time to research dream path, on rare occasions, he went on missions to stabilize and resolve the sovereign immortal aperture’s issues.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan used a method to carefully move Meng Qiu Zhen into the air bubble.</p>
<p>After fifteen minutes, Meng Qiu Zhen returned to the sovereign immortal aperture.</p>
<p>He succeeded.</p>
<p>He brought back a wild wisdom Gu!</p>
<p>Wisdom Gu was previously rank nine, but Giant Sun Immortal Venerable made arrangements and gave it to Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>During the fate war, in order to complete Red Lotus’ plan, wisdom Gu was used as one of the materials.</p>
<p>As a result, rank nine wisdom Gu ceased to exist.</p>
<p>But under the laws of the Heavenly Dao, life and death coexisted. Under the control of heaven’s will, a wild rank six wisdom Gu soon appeared in the five regions.</p>
<p>This wisdom Gu was hidden within the air bubble.</p>
<p>After Fang Yuan stole heavenly secrets, he found the location of many wild Immortal Gu, among them, wisdom Gu was his greatest gain.</p>
<p>Thus, he came here personally to prevent any accidents from happening, ensuring that wisdom Gu would be retrieved successfully.</p>
<p>Everything had happened according to the information in stealing heavenly secret.</p>
<p>Meng Qiu Zhen used his dream path method to easily suppress the rank six wisdom Gu.</p>
<p>Within the air bubble, although there was an underwater volcano and surrounding fish groups, none were able to threaten Meng Qiu Zhen.</p>
<p>As for Fang Yuan, he had too many dao marks, if he stretched his hand into the air bubble, it would likely burst.</p>
<p>Thus, only his clone could accomplish this.</p>
<p>Rank six wisdom Gu was soon refined by Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Although it was wisdom Gu, Fang Yuan was a great refinement path venerable, refining a mere rank six Immortal Gu was simply too easy.</p>
<p>For a venerable, using rank nine essence to refine wild rank eight Immortal Gu posed no problems at all.</p>
<p>The difficult thing was refining rank nine Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable took over a hundred years to refine rank nine wisdom Gu in her previous life, while Giant Sun Immortal Venerable failed to refine love Immortal Gu, these were all examples.</p>
<p>“After the fate war, wisdom Gu has returned to my possession again. And this time, it is not tampered with by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.”</p>
<p>“This is a wisdom Gu that belongs solely to me!”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan felt a faint feeling of joy internally.</p>
<p>As for raising wisdom Gu back to rank nine?</p>
<p>Fang Yuan felt that there was no urgency in this.</p>
<p>With stealing heavenly secret killer move, Fang Yuan could greatly improve his wisdom path deductions and modifications, he could also make up for his lack of information collecting methods.</p>
<p>After obtaining wisdom Gu, Fang Yuan returned to his original spot and showed that he was openly refining Eastern Sea’s refinement path dao marks. Furthermore, he took breaks quite often to show that his immortal essence was lacking, and that he was in a poor condition.</p>
<p>His divine sense entered the sovereign immortal aperture.</p>
<p>During this period of time, another major project in immortal aperture was completed!</p>
<p>For this project, Fang Yuan used all the immortal material reserves of his subordinates, among which, Eastern Sea’s Hua clan had the greatest contribution, they earned a lot of contribution points.</p>
<p>As for the construction of the splendid cloud cover, Fang Yuan succeeded after he chose to use stealing heavenly secret to get an answer from heaven’s will.</p>
<p>This splendid cloud cover covered a radius of over ten li, it flew slowly in the mini nine heavens.</p>
<p>Once in a while, it would go from one heaven to another.</p>
<p>The splendid cloud was an immortal material from rank six to nine.</p>
<p>The splendid cloud that Fang Yuan had now was a congregation of many different similar materials, most were rank six, thirty percent were rank seven, less than ten percent was rank eight, while there was barely any rank nine ones.</p>
<p>The food of rank nine heavenly secret Immortal Gu was a large field of splendid clouds.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was still far from meeting the requirements of one feeding session.</p>
<p>But it was not a concern.</p>
<p>The higher tha Immortal Gu’s rank, the less frequent it needed to be fed. Looking at the current situation, there was still a lot of time until the next feeding session.</p>
<p>During this period of time, the splendid cloud cover could grow sufficiently.</p>
<p>There was ample time.</p>
<p>Gu cultivation involved nurture, use, and refinement. The feeding of rank nine Immortal Gu was a test that Fang Yuan had to pass.</p>
<p>He currently had three rank nine Immortal Gu, they were Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, advance refinement Immortal Gu, and heavenly secret Immortal Gu. The former two were easier to feed, while heavenly secret Immortal Gu was comparatively more troublesome.</p>
<p>But Fang Yuan planned in advance, he had already started to resolve this problem.</p>
<p>In any case, the feeding of rank nine Immortal Gu was not Fang Yuan’s biggest problem.</p>
<p>He could settle it by just putting in some hard work.</p>
<p>He was already a venerable who owned Eastern Sea of the five regions, he also has super forces from the two heavens. Also, after his Great Love declaration, the most common business in treasure yellow heaven became his Immortal Gu refinement transactions.</p>
<p>And because the sovereign immortal aperture had immense foundation, even in the entire world, only Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court could match or beat him.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had already seen the blue dragon whale’s grotto-heaven immortal aperture.</p>
<p>Treasure yellow heaven was a special grotto-heaven meant for Gu Immortal transactions, its own foundation could not compare to the sovereign immortal aperture.</p>
<p>After this period of development, the sovereign immortal aperture was gradually undergoing a qualitative change.</p>
<p>In the past, the sovereign immortal aperture was like a dying patient, it was always close to destruction or breaking down entirely.</p>
<p>But now, the situation did not just stabilize, it was even improving.</p>
<p>There were two main reasons.</p>
<p>One was that the sovereign immortal aperture’s dao veins had already been established to a certain level, allowing it to reap the first wave of benefits.</p>
<p>There was already one ring of fire path, wind path, and water path dao veins.</p>
<p>The earth path dao vein that was established first already had three rings.</p>
<p>This had an immense effect to stabilize the sovereign immortal aperture, the effect was immediate.</p>
<p>The sovereign immortal aperture’s Gu Immortals could sense clearly that abnormal situations of earth path, fire path, wind path, and water path were decreasing rapidly, they became less common.</p>
<p>The second reason was that more than thirty of Fang Yuan’s Gu cultivator subordinates had passed their immortal ascension tribulation!</p>
<p>Immediately, the sovereign immortal aperture gained a huge supply of manpower!</p>
<p>With abundant people, Fang Yuan could easily dispatch Gu Immortals to various locations in the five regions secretly to collect the wild Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>Days later, Gu Immortals started to return. Some of them brought back undiscovered resource points while others brought back wild Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>Among which, there was one wild time path Immortal Gu — Month.</p>
<p>At this point, he had collected all three Immortal Gu, Year, Month, Day.</p>
<p>After getting the newest information, Fang Yuan’s subordinates took action with a high success rate.</p>
<p>The results of stealing heavenly secret did not end here.</p>
<p>While Fang Yuan refined dao marks, he also unsealed the truthful floating ice secretly while making modifications to various killer moves.</p>
<p>After stealing heavenly secrets, He obtained a large number of reference materials, his modification of killer moves became very aggressive, among which were compound killer moves.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan even started to construct his combat system on a large scale.</p>
<p>All along, he did not have much gains in this aspect, but with stealing heavenly secret, he obtained a lot of information that had immense value.</p>
<p>Next, as Gu Immortals continued to return, although many succeeded, some returned empty-handed.</p>
<p>Most of the secretive resource points were brought back, but some were damaged or destroyed by natural disasters like earthquakes or tsunamis, there was no point in relocating them.</p>
<p>As for wild Immortal Gu, they were also starting to move elsewhere!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was not surprised.</p>
<p>Heaven’s will could influence people’s minds, it could also think. Fang Yuan had always been the target of heaven’s will, now that he collected all these secretive resource points and wild Immortal Gu, how could heaven’s will not make a response?</p>
<p>Heavenly Dao emphasized balance, it would naturally try to restrict Fang Yuan from getting even stronger.</p>
<p>Thus, this reaction was within Fang Yuan’s expectations.</p>
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan arranged for the most important Immortal Gu and resource points to be the ones that were targeted first, allowing him to have great gains.</p>
<p>As for the rest, they had lower value. In comparison, Fang Yuan could give up on them with no significant losses, but he could also try and see if any were salvageable.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan gradually digested his gains from using stealing heavenly secret, in this process, he gained a deeper understanding of this killer move.</p>
<p>“The information from stealing heavenly secret is extremely terrifying, it completely made up for my weakness in information path. However, if I use these information excessively, heaven’s will will make adjustments and cause them to become less valuable. Additionally, grotto-heavens like Longevity Heaven cannot be inspected through stealing heavenly secret.”</p>
<p>“The various killer moves and information about combat system that I steal are very useful if I want to modify killer moves and make my own combat system. But since heaven’s will knows about it, then this information must have already existed somewhere, others might know it too. Furthermore, there are many things that heaven’s will does not know, like the secret venerable true inheritances.”</p>
<p>“Heaven’s will can remember but not modify killer moves on its own. The painting path, human path, and pill path research results that I obtained were all produced through the derivation formation.”</p>
<p>Stealing heavenly secret could inspect and save Fang Yuan a lot of time and effort, it had an amazing effect. Regardless, it had its flaws.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan still had a need for information path and wisdom path development.</p>
<p>It was just that his needs were half satisfied now, he was no longer as urgent as before.</p>
<p>Stealing heavenly secret mainly relied on rank nine heavenly secret Gu, once heaven’s will found out about the Immortal Gu recipe, it would respond and cause the effect of stealing heavenly secret to become weaker.</p>
<p>Stealing heavenly secret was also dependent on natural inspiration, it could not be used freely.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had already decided to nurture Gu cultivators in the immortal aperture, he would continue to accumulate more Gu Immortal seeds. Whenever it was necessary, he would make a bunch of time undergo immortal ascension.</p>
    </body>
</html>