<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2006: Shadow Sect&apos;s True Members</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2006: Shadow Sect&apos;s True Members</h1>
        
        <p>Central Continent.</p> 
<p>"This qi harvest fruit is mine!"</p> 
<p>"Get lost."</p> 
<p>"You wish."</p> 
<p>The qi tide had just passed, a group of Central Continent lone immortals was fighting fiercely for around ten qi harvest fruits.</p> 
<p>To grotto-heavens, the qi harvest fruits that emerged inside them were a huge calamity. But the qi harvest fruits that were left behind after the qi tides were precious treasures coveted by every Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>It had already been a while since qi tides appeared, the five regions' Gu Immortals were fully aware of the excellent effect of the qi harvest fruit.</p> 
<p>Gu Immortals did not need any qi path attainment, as long as they obtained qi harvest fruits and crushed them in their aperture, they could greatly improve the harmonization of heaven and earth qi. Thereby, gaining freedom of action earlier than other Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Just as the immortals were fighting, a snowy ray of light pierced through the skies, shooting towards them.</p> 
<p>The ray of light was sharp and fierce, shooting right towards a Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>This Central Continent Gu Immortal was only rank six, he sneered when he saw that the ray of light looked fierce but only had rank six aura, he activated his defensive killer moves.</p> 
<p>Bam.</p> 
<p>The ray of light struck the Gu Immortal and pierced through him.</p> 
<p>"How?!" The struck Gu Immortal's eyes were wide open, his expression filled with disbelief.</p> 
<p>Both sides were rank six, so why was there such a huge gap!</p> 
<p>"Who is it?"</p> 
<p>"Ah, could it be Snow Demon!"</p> 
<p>The remaining two Central Continent Gu Immortals were also rank six. They were pale with fright when they saw the Gu Immortal whom they had been fighting at a deadlock with die immediately.</p> 
<p>The two immediately thought of a mysterious demonic immortal who had emerged recently, this person appeared often to fight for qi harvest fruits and was very vicious.</p> 
<p>The two retreated quickly, not daring to fight.</p> 
<p>That snow ray of light ignored them and moved straight towards its goal, looting the qi harvest fruits.</p> 
<p>After the snow ray obtained them, it left immediately with extreme vigilance.</p> 
<p>After moving for a few minutes and using various concealment methods, this snow ray of light stopped in a nameless valley.</p> 
<p>The snow dissipated and the Gu Immortal's appearance was revealed, who else could it be but Bai Ning Bing?</p> 
<p>After the fate war, Bai Ning Bing was left outside and was not recalled by Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing temporarily obtained freedom and did not want to return to Fang Yuan's side, choosing to cultivate alone. Over this period of time, she was extremely active and had seized many qi harvest fruits, using them in her immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>These qi harvest fruits she obtained would have negligible effects on Fang Yuan's rank eight grotto-heaven. But to Bai Ning Bing's rank six blessed land, the effects were conspicuous.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing originally possessed future self and could achieve peak rank seven battle strength. But after the fate war, the lower streams of the River of Time became violent, future self thus lost its effect, Bai Ning Bing's battle strength returned to its original rank six level.</p> 
<p>"After I get a few hundred more qi harvest fruits, I can battle with all my strength for two hours." Bai Ning Bing used the seized qi harvest fruits while estimating inwardly.</p> 
<p>Suddenly, her heart jolted as she sensed something wrong, she immediately shot out of the valley.</p> 
<p>But it was already late.</p> 
<p>A purple light barrier trapped her rapidly, directly creating an independent space that was isolated from the outside world.</p> 
<p>"This is an immortal battlefield killer move!" Bai Ning Bing frowned: "Who is it, come out!"</p> 
<p>Clap clap clap.</p> 
<p>Following resounding claps, Fairy Zi Wei revealed herself.</p> 
<p>She looked at Bai Ning Bing with a smile: "You actually sensed me activating this battlefield killer move. Worthy of a genius chosen by Fang Yuan."</p> 
<p>"It's you!" Bai Ning Bing immediately recognized Fairy Zi Wei and her heart sank.</p> 
<p>The enemy was a rank eight Gu Immortal, while her strength was only at rank six. She might still have some hope to resist if she had future self, but the current difference in strength was too big, it made her helpless.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei fixed her eyes on Bai Ning Bing, asking with interest: "How did you sense it? I did not see you using any special investigative methods."</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing's expression was cold as ice as she replied: "It was only an instinct. You already put an ambush beforehand and waited for me to take the bait?"</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei chuckled: "You took action too many times recently, the clues are all with me, so it is not a difficult thing to deduce when you will make a move and where you will retreat to. Did you actually discover the danger with only your intuition? My immortal battlefield killer move did not leak any aura when it was activated."</p> 
<p>At this time, another figure appeared not far behind Bai Ning Bing, it was Old Man Zheng Yuan.</p> 
<p>Old Man Zheng Yuan coughed: "Lady Zi Wei, this is caused by human qi. Although Bai Ning Bing did not use any special investigative method, she has robust human qi. We must have agitated her human qi when we tried to trap her, which made her sense it intuitively."</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing snorted and took on a combat stance: "You talk too much, let's fight, Heavenly Court!"</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei's smile became even brighter: "You are wrong, Bai Ning Bing, we are not representing Heavenly Court, but Shadow Sect. We did not come to kill you."</p> 
<p>"What?" Bai Ning Bing was astonished: "You sided with Fang Yuan?!"</p> 
<p>Old Man Zheng Yuan chuckled: "This junior Fang Yuan stole the position of Shadow Sect's leader. We are representing the true Shadow Sect!"</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing's mind shook as she guessed the truth: "Spectral Soul has revived? You want to find trouble with Fang Yuan through me!"</p> 
<p>"What do you think? Join us, don't you want to get rid of Fang Yuan and free yourself from all the shackles?" Fairy Zi Wei enticed.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing sneered and stared deeply at Fairy Zi Wei: "Of course I want freedom. But what is the difference between joining you and siding with Fang Yuan? I will be even more restricted with you people than with Fang Yuan!"</p> 
<p>She noticed what was wrong with Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan, they were clearly enslaved by Spectral Soul.</p> 
<p>Standing with Fang Yuan, Bai Ning Bing had the feeling of being an ally at least. But if she joined the Shadow Sect in front of her, then she would only be Spectral Soul's slave.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei nodded: "But you don't have a choice, do you?"</p> 
<p>Old Man Zheng Yuan added: "Surrender or die, choose."</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing's silence did not last long, after a few breaths of time, she nodded: "I will join you."</p> 
<p>Old Man Zheng Yuan approached and patted Bai Ning Bing's shoulder: "This is a wise choice. Relax, we will deal with your information path alliance agreements. But your dragonman status is somewhat troublesome, it was Fang Yuan who helped you change that. The dragonman method he used probably went through many changes, it will be very difficult to get rid of this within a short period of time."</p> 
<p>"No worries, I am already used to it." Bai Ning Bing said indifferently.</p> 
<p>She was restricted by Fang Yuan first, then she entered Shadow Sect and was controlled by Old Man Yan Shi; later, she returned to Fang Yuan's side again, transforming into the new dragonman. Now, she was clamped down by Fairy Zi Wei.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing was right, she was already used to it.</p> 
<p>Almost at the same time, Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven.</p> 
<p>"Aunt, this is the soul core I obtained recently, it is extremely strange, please appraise it." An Xun respectfully bowed and handed over a soul core.</p> 
<p>Lady Cold Ash took this soul core and observed it carefully, her expression becoming increasingly strange.</p> 
<p>She had seen countless soul cores, but this soul core gave her a feeling which she had never felt before. Just the dark light circulating on the soul core's surface was beyond ordinary.</p> 
<p>Suddenly!</p> 
<p>The soul core transformed into dark lightning that struck Lady Cold Ash's face, it quickly infiltrated her body and imprisoned her soul.</p> 
<p>Lady Cold Ash's body was tense, and when she reacted, she had already fallen to her own relative's trap.</p> 
<p>"An Xun, you!" Lady Cold Ash had been concerned with her nephew An Xun and nurtured him wholeheartedly, she had never expected to be betrayed.</p> 
<p>Lady Cold Ash struggled before she stood up abruptly.</p> 
<p>An Xun was given a great fright as he stepped back quickly.</p> 
<p>But at the next moment, Lady Cold Ash's energy dissipated and sat down again.</p> 
<p>She groaned as dark light filled her eyes.</p> 
<p>Soon, she could not struggle anymore and stood up silently.</p> 
<p>An Xun prostrated on the ground: "Subordinate pays respect to master."</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul's voice came out from Lady Cold Ash's mouth: "This body is quite good, I shall use this for now to get close to Wu Shuai."</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul did not have guts Gu, so he could only devour soul cores and digest them slowly.</p> 
<p>Over this period of time, he had already recovered some strength and immediately made a move on Lady Cold Ash.</p> 
<p>After he had succeeded, it meant the whole of Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven had fallen into his hands!</p>
    </body>
</html>
