<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2303: Besieging Lin clan’s First Supreme Elder</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2303: Besieging Lin clan’s First Supreme Elder</h1>
        <p>Back in Western Desert.</p>
<p>Lin Lun Zhou suddenly opened his eyes.</p>
<p>The immortal formation sounded an alarm; someone had intruded!</p>
<p>“Such guts, you dare to invade my Lin clan’s Skeleton Mountain.” Lin Lun Zhou was surprised and furious, checking immediately.</p>
<p>He saw that an Immortal Gu House was violently colliding with the defensive formation.</p>
<p>“Inquiry Dock! Fang clan!!” Lin Lun Zhou’s expression turned serious as he sent request for reinforcements to Lin clan while fully activating the defensive formation.</p>
<p>Ever since Fang clan started the commotion, Lin clan had reinforced the immortal formations in many resource points, and almost all the formations had the ability to transport people.</p>
<p>So, Lin Lun Zhou was not panicked.</p>
<p>As his battle intent rose, he frowned: ”Since Fang clan attacked after remaining in hiding for so many days, they definitely made sufficient preparations. I definitely am not Fang clan’s match by myself, but I can use this immortal formation to stall for time. Once the anti-Fang alliance army arrives, Fang clan will definitely suffer consequences.”</p>
<p>“Of course, if the situation turns bad, I will immediately use the formation to get out... What?!”</p>
<p>Lin Lun Zhou had been controlling the formation when his eyes suddenly opened wide and panic filled him.</p>
<p>To his horror, he found that the formation was restricted.</p>
<p>Although the formation could still operate, its transportation effect was nullified.</p>
<p>“They targeted this after all!!” Lin Lun Zhou clenched his teeth as he forcibly calmed himself, thinking of a way to get out of this predicament.</p>
<p>He felt that not all hope was lost.</p>
<p>He was a rank seven bone path Gu Immortal defending Lin clan’s Skeleton Mountain. This was a bone path resource point and he had a huge territorial advantage here.</p>
<p>Moreover, Lin Lun Zhou was stationed here all year round, he knew this place like the back of his hand.</p>
<p>After thinking for a while, Lin Lun Zhou arranged a portion of his will with some immortal essence while he left quietly.</p>
<p>The defensive formation was still defending with all its strength under the control of his will.</p>
<p>Fang clan’s Immortal Gu House collided again, creating thunderous sounds.</p>
<p>Lin Lun Zhou’s will was shrinking rapidly, but it could still last for some time.</p>
<p>Lin Lun Zhou entered the depths of Skeleton Mountain.</p>
<p>The rocks on Skeleton Mountain were dark and let out soul smoke from time to time. Once in a while, the mountain rocks would produce a skeleton. Some skeletons were like humans, some had animal shapes, there were countless possibilities.</p>
<p>Besides these bone armors, dark mist crows flew above Skeleton Mountain and fed on the soul smoke.</p>
<p>Fang clan’s Immortal Gu House’s attack shook the whole Skeleton Mountain.</p>
<p>The countless skeletons that were among the rocks were originally motionless. But as the mountain started shaking, these skeletons propped themselves up and ran wildly on the mountain.</p>
<p>The skeletons collided and killed each other, creating chaos.</p>
<p>At this moment, Lin Lun Zhou activated a killer move. He transformed into a large mammoth skeleton and started running on the mountain.</p>
<p>He was mixed in among the countless skeletons, becoming inconspicuous.</p>
<p>But not long later, threads of water vapor bound him.</p>
<p>“Friend of Lin clan, why be in a hurry to leave?” Shortly after, a voice entered Lin Lun Zhou’s ears.</p>
<p>Lin Lun Zhou immediately fell into despair: ”Rank eight Gu Immortal? You are not from Fang clan!”</p>
<p>At the next moment, the water vapor ropes moved and bound Lin Lun Zhou tightly.</p>
<p>Lin Lun Zhou struggled madly, but soon, his vision turned black as he lost his consciousness.</p>
<p>News of Fang clan’s attack on Lin clan’s peripheral resource point Skeleton Mountain soon reached Lin clan’s headquarters.</p>
<p>Shortly after, Lin clan contacted the anti-Fang alliance.</p>
<p>By the time the anti-Fang alliance reached Skeleton Mountain, there were only ruins. The whole Skeleton Mountain was gone.</p>
<p>“This is indeed Fang clan’s style!”</p>
<p>“Lin Lun Zhou was the Gu Immortal stationed here, he cultivates bone path and is quite strong, I did not expect him to go missing as well.”</p>
<p>“Sigh, it bodes ill for him.”</p>
<p>“Fang clan came to make trouble again, their sins are unforgivable! Once we catch them, we will rip their skin and cut their tendons to relieve our hatred!!”</p>
<p>Just as the anti-Fang alliance members were cursing Fang clan, another astonishing news arrived.</p>
<p>Dong clan’s peripheral territory, Dragon Roar Volcano, was also attacked by Fang clan.</p>
<p>Dragon Roar Volcano was a fire path resource point, but whenever the volcano erupts, it would produce dragon roars; at that time, a sizable amount of sound path resources could be harvested.</p>
<p>When athe nti-Fang alliance reached Dragon Roar Volcano’s site, they did not see any volcano.</p>
<p>“Heavens, even the underground magma has been taken away.”</p>
<p>“It seems like Fang clan wants to make a big commotion this time!”</p>
<p>“They went into hiding for some time; it was probably to exchange for Immortal Gu or killer moves from Heaven Refining Demon Venerable, and increase their strength. Otherwise, would they dare come out?”</p>
<p>“That’s right. Be it Dragon Roar Volcano or Skeleton Mountain, they are important areas that Fang clan would not have rashly invaded before. But now, both were attacked and taken, Fang clan’s strength has definitely increased greatly.”</p>
<p>“The important thing is, will Fang clan continue their actions? Where is their next target?”</p>
<p>“Where is the closest resource point to Dragon Roar Volcano?”</p>
<p>“It is clear water grassland.”</p>
<p>Clear water grassland was a rarely seen grassland in Western Desert. There was plenty of water and lush grasses here, and it produced water path and wood path cultivation resources.</p>
<p>But just as the anti-Fang alliance was discussing, they received the news of Fang clan capturing clear water grassland.</p>
<p>The anti-Fang alliance was in an uproar.</p>
<p>Fang clan’s action this time shows extremely sharp offensive ability that was several times more powerful than before.</p>
<p>“Skeleton Mountain, Dragon Roar Volcano, clear water grassland... please take a look, Fang clan’s path is already marked, their next target is probably Dong clan’s ascending heavenly pit!”</p>
<p>“Then what are we still waiting for?!”</p>
<p>“Let’s go reinforce them immediately. Dong clan sent a message, ascending heavenly pit is in Dong clan blessed land so it is not heavily guarded.”</p>
<p>“More importantly, Dong clan has not sent any Gu Immortal to guard ascending heavenly pit!”</p>
<p>Gu Immortals were much fewer than resource points. In general, Gu Immortals were stationed in peripheral resource points. And resource points in blessed land would have fewer manpower.</p>
<p>The anti-Fang alliance rushed to ascending heavenly pit without stopping. But when they arrived, the immortal formation was already broken, there was noise coming from the depths of ascending heavenly pit as if Fang clan immortals were still plundering resources.</p>
<p>“We finally caught them!”</p>
<p>“Kill them!”</p>
<p>“We must eradicate Fang clan, otherwise our Western Desert will have no peace.”</p>
<p>The anti-Fang alliance attacked with a bellyful of anger.</p>
<p>But not long later, an immortal formation rose from the heavenly pit, and trapped all of the anti-Fang alliance members.</p>
<p>“We were tricked!”</p>
<p>“Such a powerful immortal formation, I can’t even connect to treasure yellow heaven or send a message.”</p>
<p>“This immortal formation prioritizes in trapping and doesn’t have much offensive power. Crap! Fang clan intentionally arranged this, they don’t want to fight us, they are only trying to plunder resource points.”</p>
<p>“Sigh, what should we do? I wonder which resource point of Dong clan’s will be attacked next.”</p>
<p>Anti-Fang alliance members were trapped by the formation and lost their means to communicate.</p>
<p>At the same time, an emergency news reached Lin clan headquarters: Fang clan’s main force suddenly appeared in evil spirit desert and were attacking giant spirit oasis.</p>
<p>Giant spirit oasis was Lin clan’s super resource point, it was heavily protected and could not be lost.</p>
<p>Lin clan’s first supreme elder was still in closed cultivation, the second elder thought for a while before deciding to make a move personally. He controlled the two Immortal Gu Houses of Lin clan and mobilized as much Gu Immortals as he could towards giant spirit oasis.</p>
<p>At the same time, he also asked for reinforcements from the anti-Fang alliance.</p>
<p>Lin clan’s second supreme elder mobilized their full strength, this was because he had no choice.</p>
<p>Since Fang clan lost their territories, they could easily mobilize all their members. It was extremely difficult for other super forces to resist them.</p>
<p>Lin clan’s second supreme elder had to mobilize enough troops to match Fang clan’s crazed attacks. If the mobilized troops were too few, they would just be asking for defeat against Fang clan.</p>
<p>But with this, Lin clan headquarters naturally became empty.</p>
<p>Bam.</p>
<p>Several figures suddenly landed and roughly killed their way into Lin clan’s headquarters.</p>
<p>They were Prince Feng Xian, Red Heart Traveler, Nine Spiritual Fairy, as well as Wan Zi Hong and Zhou Xiong Xin who just arrived from ascending heavenly pit.</p>
<p>Five rank eight experts attacked Lin clan headquarters.</p>
<p>“Lin clan’s first supreme elder, we came for you.” Red Heart Traveler said loudly.</p>
<p>“If you don’t resist, you will be able to live.” Nine Spiritual Fairy added.</p>
<p>Inside a secret room, Lin clan’s first supreme elder slowly opened his eyes and sighed: ”What has my Lin clan done to provoke such a grand action from Heavenly Court? Heavenly Court is the leader of the righteous path, why are you sneakily attacking a righteous path super force? My Lin clan has never colluded with the demonic path.”</p>
<p>Wan Zi Hong sneered: ”Lin clan’s first supreme elder, stop pretending. You act differently from what you say, you secretly protected Fang clan while colluding with Fang Yuan. Otherwise, how can Fang clan be still at large?”</p>
<p>Zhou Xiong Xin nodded: ”I have already gathered sufficient evidence.”</p>
<p>Lin clan’s first supreme elder was silent for a bit before laughing: ”Heavenly Court? Haha, you are truly Heavenly Court.”</p>
    </body>
</html>