<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1993: Fang Yuan Within The Mist</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1993: Fang Yuan Within The Mist</h1>
        
        <p>Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Southern Border.</p> 
<p>In a valley, Shi Shi Cheng leaned over to check out the stone mushrooms within the valley.</p> 
<p>If these stone mushrooms were in good condition, they would be five feet tall, shaped like a small tree with a cover like an umbrella. However, these stone mushrooms were short, just like stumps left behind after a tree was cut down. And instead of a healthy gray stone color, their bodies were covered in a distorted multicolored color, and one could tell at a glance that they were not normal.</p> 
<p>"These stone mushrooms are ruined!" After Shi Shi Cheng finished his inspection and confirmed this, his expression was quite ugly.</p> 
<p>Although his cultivation was only rank six, he was valued by Fang Yuan and arranged to lead the rockman tribe in Mini Southern Border. Shi Shi Cheng held Fang Yuan in high esteem and was dedicated to developing the rockman tribe, in order to live up to Fang Yuan's expectations.</p> 
<p>This stone mushroom field was a medium-sized resource point that he had personally constructed for the sake of the rockman tribe. In order to build this resource point, Shi Shi Cheng had specifically requested many immortal materials from Fang Yuan's time path clone as the initial investment. At that time, he even vowed and guaranteed that there would be desirable returns!</p> 
<p>As a result, reality was like a slap in the face of Shi Shi Cheng.</p> 
<p>"What is happening?"</p> 
<p>"I clearly followed the records of the tribe to carefully cultivate the stone mushrooms without any mistakes."</p> 
<p>Shi Shi Cheng was very confused. A few days ago, these stone mushrooms were all growing normally and everything was fine. But after a few days had passed, these stone mushrooms had become like this.</p> 
<p>"How can I explain this to Lord Fang Yuan?!" Shi Shi Cheng furrowed his brows and sighed.</p> 
<p>At this moment, light flashed and Fang Yuan's will was transmitted over in mid-air.</p> 
<p>The will was solid and lifelike.</p> 
<p>Shi Shi Cheng gasped and immediately bowed: "Subordinate pays respect to lord."</p> 
<p>"Mm." Fang Yuan's will waved his hand: "I already know about your situation here, the stone mushroom field was destroyed, no one can blame you, it was a natural disaster. You should go back for now, another batch of immortal materials will arrive in a while, and you can just build a second stone mushroom valley."</p> 
<p>Shi Shi Cheng was overjoyed and thanked him, but also wanted to say something.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's will revealed an understanding smile: "Are you thinking of asking what caused these stone mushrooms to be destroyed?"</p> 
<p>Shi Shi Cheng nodded: "Lord is perceptive, I would like to ask if these stone mushrooms can still be recycled in some way? It would be a pity to just throw them away."</p> 
<p>The initial investment in building the stone mushroom valley was huge, it was certainly nothing in Fang Yuan's eyes, but in Shi Shi Cheng's opinion, it was an astronomical investment. Together with the effort and time he had invested in this place, he did not want to see all his efforts go up in smoke.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan shook his head: "You don't need to think about the details, if I can solve it, you will have no worries. If I can't solve it, it's useless for you to know. As for these stone mushrooms, none of them can be used, even if they are used as materials to refine Gu, they will only cause more harm instead. You can leave now."</p> 
<p>"Yes, my lord!" Shi Shi Cheng took his leave respectfully, he was worried in his heart: "Why do we have such a big problem? According to his tone, it may not be possible to resolve the matter?"</p> 
<p>Shi Shi Cheng left, only Fang Yuan's will remained in this valley.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's expression was grim.</p> 
<p>He scanned the entire valley first, the countless stone mushrooms in the valley had become twisted objects, the originally smooth surface forming countless creases. The colors were bright, like a gathering of poisonous creatures, giving people a sense of terror.</p> 
<p>This was of course just the appearance.</p> 
<p>In Fang Yuan's eyes, he could see that the original earth path dao marks in these stone mushrooms had been disrupted and washed away, many different dao marks from other paths, including wind path, lightning path, poison path, dark path, fire path, and so on, were added instead.</p> 
<p>Because of this, these stone mushrooms could only be discarded as waste material. At least currently, Fang Yuan had no means to utilize them.</p> 
<p>"Heaven's will!" Fang Yuan's will suddenly sneered and discovered heaven's will lurking in the valley.</p> 
<p>With a loud sound, he transformed into a field of clouds and mist that covered the entire valley, pursuing and intercepting heaven's will.</p> 
<p>A confrontation between wills soon came to an end. Fang Yuan was victorious, he had managed to completely clear the heaven's will lurking in this place, but of course, the price paid was not small.</p> 
<p>After his will had gathered again, it was no longer as lifelike as before, but illusory as a shadow, giving the impression like it was going to fade away at any moment.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan sighed.</p> 
<p>This victory only resolved the problem but not its fundamental cause, a new problem would occur again!</p> 
<p>The stone mushroom valley was not just an isolated case, recently, there had been heaven's will lurking all over the sovereign immortal aperture, many resource points had been destroyed.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's main body had obtained more than three thousand heaven path dao marks as he was the person refining Gu, managing to destroy fate Gu for good.</p> 
<p>These dao marks did not belong to him and were imposed on him. The heaven path dao marks transformed on their own, causing the various environments of the sovereign immortal aperture to change, becoming more and more balanced and stable.</p> 
<p>In the long run, this change would naturally do more good than harm, greatly increasing the development potential of the sovereign immortal aperture. However, if one looked at the immediate future, it would cause Fang Yuan to suffer heavy losses.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was not a super force, all his possessions were in the sovereign immortal aperture. A great loss in this foundation of his would definitely affect his battle performance. Fang Yuan did not want to fall into the trap of Red Lotus Demon Venerable, he had been working hard to command the humans and variant humans in the grotto-heaven, constantly fighting against natural disasters. At the same time, he had successively retrieved the thousand wish tree and the incomplete Human Sea, using human path to restrict the heaven path effects.</p> 
<p>With such a two-pronged approach, the situation of sovereign immortal aperture was greatly improved. However, Fang Yuan did not expect that the natural development of the heaven path dao marks would produce heaven's will after some point.</p> 
<p>The Heavenly Dao was impartial, it had no malicious intent against Fang Yuan, changing the environment was just a natural step of development. But this was not the case for heaven's will.</p> 
<p>Heaven's will was produced from the Heavenly Dao, it was more flexible and resourceful. The Heavenly Dao was unable to eliminate Fang Yuan, the otherworldly demon that affected the balance of the world, so heaven's will went one step further and began deliberately destroying the various resource points in the sovereign immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>Heaven path dao marks could transform into other paths, so heaven's will used this ability to completely disrupt the dao marks of the various resource points, turning them from orderly to a complete mess.</p> 
<p>Stone mushroom valley was just one of them.</p> 
<p>"I have the killer move heaven's will dissipation, but the sovereign immortal aperture is too huge, the Heavenly Dao is constantly deriving new changes, it can produce heaven's will anywhere in the entire grotto-heaven. It is too difficult for me to clear out all this heaven's will! Even if I do my best, the efficiency is low."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was clear that the way to settle the fundamental cause was to directly refine these heaven path dao marks, so that they truly belonged to the sovereign immortal aperture and himself.</p> 
<p>But what the method to go about it was, he had no idea.</p> 
<p>He had never heard of anyone cultivating heaven path before! The only known way was to use human path methods to suppress heaven path.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought for a long time and found two possible ways out.</p> 
<p>The first one was Emperor City.</p> 
<p>"Emperor City was carefully arranged by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, it has now become the sacred land of human path. If I can obtain it, I will definitely be able to greatly restrain the Heavenly Dao."</p> 
<p>The second way was in Crazed Demon Cave.</p> 
<p>"Crazed Demon Cave was set up by Limitless Demon Venerable in his later years, the eighth layer contains the derivations of the Heavenly Dao. In Crazed Demon Cave, the demonic sounds are rampant, driving lifeforms mad, all kinds of immortal materials turn into trash as dao marks are messed up. The situation is exactly the same as the stone mushrooms and other resources. If I can grasp all the secrets of Crazed Demon Cave, I should be able to improve my situation."</p> 
<p>But these were two dangerous options.</p> 
<p>Emperor City was located in the center of Central Continent, if Fang Yuan were to go there, he would definitely have to fight Heavenly Court. With his current strength, he would be able to defeat Heavenly Court. However! Fang Yuan's fear was Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable and Red Lotus Demon Venerable.</p> 
<p>Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable had schemed against him, causing him to lose his clone Fang Di Chang. When using luck inspection earlier, he did not find Fang Di Chang's luck, it was likely that he had perished, the likelihood of his death was great.</p> 
<p>Red Lotus Demon Venerable also schemed against him, if not for the heaven path dao marks, how could heaven's will be produced in Fang Yuan's immortal aperture? Of course, Red Lotus was also plotting against Spectral Soul. The heaven path dao marks were both dangerous and also a fortuitous encounter for Fang Yuan, it was also his protection. At the least, Spectral Soul could not use his hidden methods because of these dao marks.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan wanted to take Emperor City, he would have to face the methods of Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable and Red Lotus Demon Venerable.</p> 
<p>As for Crazed Demon Cave?</p> 
<p>It was also filled with danger.</p> 
<p>The Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics had promised to join the fate war to Fang Yuan, but during the battle, none of them had shown up. Fang Yuan had tried to contact them, but they had completely vanished.</p> 
<p>What happened in Crazed Demon Cave that caused the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics to mysteriously disappear?</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan guessed that Longevity Heaven might have taken action. Fang Yuan realized that the consumption of wisdom Gu was part of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's scheme. Giant Sun's single attack also made Fang Yuan realize that he was keeping some trump cards after all.</p> 
<p>Now that fate Gu was destroyed, it was possible for venerables to revive. If Fang Yuan went to Crazed Demon Cave, it was likely that he would need to face the methods of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Limitless Demon Venerable.</p> 
<p>There was one more thing that worried Fang Yuan, there were changes happening in the River of Time.</p> 
<p>Ever since the destruction of fate Gu, the water of the River of Time had become extremely violent, vicious and dangerous. Even if Fang Yuan used Myriad Year Flying Warship, he could only barely enter the river and last for a moment before having to return to the five regions, he was unable to explore it for long.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan understood the reason.</p> 
<p>In the past, the River of Time could move forward smoothly because everything was fixed, everything moved according to the path set by fate, no matter what existed, they had a specific trajectory of life experiences. This was why time path Gu Immortals could often "predict" things by watching the downstream segments. Red Lotus Demon Venerable was able to plot the destruction of fate Gu by observing the downstream events and learning many secrets of the future.</p> 
<p>But now, once fate Gu was destroyed, everything no longer had a fixed path and could change at will. As a result, the River of Time has become extremely violent, everything has become turbid and chaotic.</p> 
<p>With such a change in the River of Time, Spring Autumn Cicada could no longer be used for the time being.</p> 
<p>Before, Spring Autumn Cicada could move through the river because the water was gentle. Now that the river had become violent and chaotic, once Spring Autumn Cicada was activated and entered the river, it would definitely be smashed to pieces by the river water. Unless Fang Yuan developed some other killer move that could use Spring Autumn Cicada.</p> 
<p>"Although the river water is troublesome, it's actually not a big problem. What I'm really worried about is still Red Lotus Demon Venerable. He's the one who had built the stone lotus islands in the River of Time. I don't know what other arrangements he has in the River of Time."</p> 
<p>Fate Gu was destroyed at long last, Fang Yuan had finally gotten free of the Sword of Damocles hanging above his head.</p> 
<p>However, the journey ahead of him was filled with mist, he was walking in a dangerous valley. Within the mist, which area could be explored, which area would lead to a cliff?</p> 
<p>Would his path to eternal life, his lifelong ambition, be hidden within the mist?</p> 
<p>If it existed, where would it be?</p>
    </body>
</html>
