<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2247: Fang Yuan’s Second Rank Nine Immortal Gu</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2247: Fang Yuan’s Second Rank Nine Immortal Gu</h1>
        <p>Eastern Sea.</p>
<p>“This is about enough, I should stop now.” Fang Yuan willed as he stopped refining dao marks.</p>
<p>The sovereign immortal aperture had a hundred beads of yellow apricot immortal essence stored.</p>
<p>But Fang Yuan did not stop refining natural dao marks because of issues with his immortal essence reserves.</p>
<p>The truth was, he refined Eastern Sea’s refinement path dao marks openly, while secretly unsealing the truthful floating ice in his aperture!</p>
<p>Most of his yellow apricot immortal essence beads were used to unseal the truthful floating ice, only a small portion were used to refine Eastern Sea’s refinement path dao marks.</p>
<p>Because of his action, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable stayed in their territories, they did not come to attack Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>“Oh? Giant Sun Immortal Venerable stopped refining natural dao marks.” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with luster.</p>
<p>This information could not be hidden, because the three venerables paid a lot of attention to each other, Fang Yuan soon caught wind of this.</p>
<p>“Giant Sun Immortal Venerable should not have much immortal essence left, although Star Constellation Immortal Venerable is holed up inside Heavenly Court, her situation should be similar.”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan let out a sigh of relief.</p>
<p>With the two of them having low immortal essence, the chance of them attacking Fang Yuan was very low, their threat towards him also fell by many times.</p>
<p>“Thankfully, I took a risk earlier and refined rank nine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, otherwise, I’d be in a tough predicament now.”</p>
<p>In the contest of three venerables, if one side lagged behind, they would not be able to catch up easily.</p>
<p>After all, the three venerables were all elites of elites.</p>
<p>“Currently, in terms of immortal essence reserves, I am already on par with the others. But truthfully, I have a lot more advantage than the two venerables.” Fang Yuan evaluated.</p>
<p>Firstly, Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was simply too incredible and useful!</p>
<p>Next, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture had time path methods in effect, the rate of time was faster than the two venerables. In contrast, because of conflicting dao marks, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not have any time path methods that could be effective on their immortal apertures.</p>
<p>And finally, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture had far deeper foundation than the two venerables who had just started developing theirs, the yellow apricot immortal essence he produced exceeded theirs.</p>
<p>With all three elements, Fang Yuan’s yellow apricot immortal essence production far surpassed the two venerables.</p>
<p>Currently, while Fang Yuan refined the natural dao marks, he showed signs of weakness, he constantly had to stop and wait.</p>
<p>Because of obscured heavenly secret, the two venerables did not know that Fang Yuan possessed rank nine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.</p>
<p>And because they knew about the sovereign immortal aperture’s details, they knew the trait of non-conflicting dao marks, they did not think that Fang Yuan would take a risk to accelerate the time flow.</p>
<p>As for the immortal aperture origin core’s production of immortal essence, the two venerables knew that the sovereign immortal aperture had just undergone a chaos tribulation and also got hit by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s fortune and disaster coexists killer move, thus, they underestimated the sovereign immortal aperture’s current foundation.</p>
<p>Especially during this period of time, Fang Yuan refined Gu in treasure yellow heaven and was willing to pay Immortal Gu to purchase all sorts of resource points and establish earth vein and water veins, he did not conceal anything.</p>
<p>In the eyes of the two venerables, such an action of urgently developing his immortal aperture meant that the sovereign immortal aperture had suffered immense losses in Crazed Demon Cave.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan guessed the two venerables’ thoughts: “In their eyes, I need to work on raising my immortal essence production, while refining rank nine Immortal Gu is too dangerous, accelerating time flow will also cause tribulations to occur more quickly and expose my weakness. Thus, I can only build more resource points to raise my immortal aperture origin core so that I can produce more yellow apricot immortal essence.”</p>
<p>“But if I make a small blunder, the two venerables will immediately be suspicious of me. Especially Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, as the number one person in wisdom path throughout history, it will be extremely difficult to deceive her!”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was currently treading on thin ice, he knew that maintaining the status-quo was the best form of victory.</p>
<p>He could not afford to make any small mistakes!</p>
<p>If a single small mistake appears, the two venerables would analyze it carefully before quickly taking attempts to probe the truth.</p>
<p>If the truth was exposed, what would happen?</p>
<p>Fang Yuan would definitely be attacked by both venerables together!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan did not know how long he could hide this, after all, he was facing the two of the greatest geniuses throughout human history.</p>
<p>It was possible that he would be exposed at the next moment.</p>
<p>If such a situation happened, Fang Yuan would not be surprised.</p>
<p>No longer distracted by refining the refinement path dao marks, Fang Yuan started to unseal the truthful floating ice with his full strength.</p>
<p>Intuition told him that a huge gain was about to appear.</p>
<p>And sure enough, several days later, his heaven path attainment level rose to quasi-grandmaster.</p>
<p>Even though it did not reach grandmaster, Fang Yuan had a deep foundation, he developed a strong sense of confidence —</p>
<p>“If I deduce with all my effort now, I can definitely create a heaven path killer move that can allow me to take the Primordial Domain!”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s portion of the Primordial Domain had always been kept in treasure yellow heaven.</p>
<p>Goods in treasure yellow heaven could not be used on the spot.</p>
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan could not sell his own clone and absorb the Primordial Domain there, there was no chance of this happening.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had to retrieve the portion of the Primordial Domain and absorb them to raise his attainment levels!</p>
<p>“Unsealing the truthful floating ice mainly increases heaven path dao marks, followed by heaven path attainment level, and finally, the attainment level of other paths. This last effect is barely evident, it is only an additional effect of the truthful floating ice and is extremely insignificant.”</p>
<p>“Only by using the Primordial Domain can I raise the attainment levels of all my paths to a huge degree!”</p>
<p>“But, right now, is there a need to do it?”</p>
<p>After careful consideration, Fang Yuan shook his head.</p>
<p>Deducing the heaven path killer move was not hard for Fang Yuan, his worry were the two venerables.</p>
<p>Once he took out the Primordial Domain, he would have exposed his heaven path method.</p>
<p>The two venerables would first be alerted, Fang Yuan had the sovereign immortal body, with so many portions of the Primordial Domain, if he digested them, his attainment levels would rise and cause him to become much more threatening.</p>
<p>Afterwards, the two venerables would be suspicious, why would Fang Yuan possess such a heaven path method?</p>
<p>He did not use it in the past, now that he had the heaven path method, it meant that his heaven path cultivation had improved greatly.</p>
<p>That would make them think of the truthful floating ice.</p>
<p>After all, Fang Yuan obtained the most pieces of truthful floating ice among the three venerables!</p>
<p>If Fang Yuan improved in heaven path because he unsealed the truthful floating ice, then where did he get the immortal essence beads needed to do so?</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Limitless Demon Venerable had cooperated for a million years to maintain the Crazed Demon formation. She even assimilated with the Dao and created the killer move human executing heaven’s work, she definitely knew that unsealing the truthful floating ice required immortal essence.</p>
<p>Once she found out, she would inform Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, and the two would work together and attack Fang Yuan to suppress him.</p>
<p>Like what Fang Yuan considered earlier, a small mistake would cause the two venerables to attack him immediately.</p>
<p>It was too likely!</p>
<p>“I can secretly deduce the heaven path killer move but the collection of the Primordial Domain will need to wait.”</p>
<p>Even though the Primordial Domain was very useful to Fang Yuan, it was not the key now. Because it would cause both venerables to attack and cause Fang Yuan to lose his current advantage, the loss was not worth the gain.</p>
<p>“No, the heaven path killer move can wait. After all, once I gain this method, my luck will rise sharply.”</p>
<p>“Also, I have rank nine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus now, it has already increased the burden on obscured heavenly secret, its expenditure is rising rapidly.”</p>
<p>“What I need to do is to refine a second rank nine Immortal Gu!”</p>
<p>This thought had been lingering in Fang Yuan’s mind for a long time.</p>
<p>As for what Immortal Gu he should refine, Fang Yuan already had an answer.</p>
<p>That was Immortal Gu — Advance Refinement!</p>
<p>Not Spring Autumn Cicada, Dog Shit Luck, Attitude, or Dream Token, but advance refinement Gu.</p>
<p>Once advance refinement Gu becomes rank nine, it would be extremely useful for Fang Yuan to advance the rest of his rank eight Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>For example, when Fang Yuan refined Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, if he had rank nine advance refinement Gu, the difficulty would be halved at least!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had two advantages when refining rank nine advance refinement Gu.</p>
<p>The first advantage was that Fang Yuan had rank eight advance refinement Gu already, this Gu came from Lang Ya Sect, it was originally the core of the Long Hair refinement path formation, it was currently the core of Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.</p>
<p>Secondly, advance refinement Gu was a refinement path Immortal Gu. Even though some rule path immortal materials were needed in the process, it was much purer than Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, refinement path immortal materials were the bulk of its components.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was a refinement path venerable, he could perfectly process refinement path immortal materials, this meant that the success rate would be much higher as well.</p>
<p>Right when Fang Yuan was secretly thinking of refining rank nine advance refinement Gu.</p>
<p>Western Desert.</p>
<p>At the core area of wind falcon desert.</p>
<p>Bam!</p>
<p>With a loud sound, a vast amount of sand flew into the sky.</p>
<p>An Immortal Gu House charged out from underground, it was Fang clan’s rank seven Immortal Gu House, Chicken Dog Coop.</p>
<p>This Chicken Dog Coop Immortal Gu House looked like two buildings side by side, the left building was yellow and had a round plaque that had ‘chicken’ written on it, the right building was red and had the word ‘dog’ on its plaque.</p>
<p>As its entrance opened, chicken and dog ancient desolate beasts flew out, there were tens of them.</p>
<p>Chicken Dog Coop burst out with profound light, shaking heaven and earth.</p>
<p>The empty desert suddenly had an oasis that appeared out of nowhere.</p>
<p>This oasis had countless pine trees that were tall and sharp, each one was at least three hundred feet tall, and they were widely spaced apart. The trees spread their branches and leaves out, the leaves gathered into balls with an extremely flat surface that resembled a grassland.</p>
<p>On top of the pine leaf grassland, there were huge nests.</p>
<p>Within the nests, there were long-distanced wind falcons, there were all sorts of wind falcons ranging from ordinary beasts, beast kings, desolate beasts, and even ancient desolate beasts.</p>
<p>“This tall pine oasis is incredible, as expected of Wan clan’s resource point that is ranked second in Western Desert.” Fang Di Chang critiqued from within Chicken Dog Coop.</p>
<p>This was Wan clan’s territory, the rank seven Gu Immortal expert of Wan clan that guarded this place was Wan Xiao.</p>
<p>He did not show up, instead, he controlled the immortal formation and defended against the attacks of the ancient desolate beasts, he scolded angrily: “Fang clan, what are you trying to do? As a Western Desert righteous path super force, you are actually attacking another righteous path super force without reason?!”</p>
<p>Within Chicken Dog Coop, Fang Di Chang smiled coldly and replied: “Earlier, Wan clan gathered the Western Desert super forces to attack my Fang clan together, we will settle the score now! Do you really think my Fang clan is a weak target to bully?”</p>
    </body>
</html>