<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2283: Three Venerables Scheme Against Spectral Soul</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2283: Three Venerables Scheme Against Spectral Soul</h1>
        <p>In the starry sky, countless stars that resembled a sea floated above Central Continent.</p>
<p>The pale blue light of the stars weaved together to form an illusory view.</p>
<p>If one look at the five regions from above now, Northern Plains, Southern Border, Western Desert, and Eastern Sea would be shrouded in darkness, while the center was shining brightly with specks of light.</p>
<p>Central Continent was a clear contrast from the other regions.</p>
<p>Starlight radiated Central Continent.</p>
<p>Compared to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had a clear understanding of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable in his current condition, she had started to make plans from long ago.</p>
<p>Even Fang Yuan was behind Star Constellation Immortal Venerable in deducing the true condition of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>This was the power of foresight and planning that wisdom path excelled in.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable stayed inside Embroidered Tower.</p>
<p>She was currently multi-tasking, refining Central Continent’s natural wisdom path dao marks, healing herself, controlling the star array calculation formation, and even handling the internal affairs of Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>This was the advantage of wisdom path — an abundance of thoughts!</p>
<p>The star array calculation formation slowly operated normally with no issues.</p>
<p>Although this formation only had basic offensive and defensive abilities that could not even reach pseudo venerable level, it was for this reason that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Great Love Immortal Venerable chose to make a transaction with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable instead of destroying it, obtaining benefits instead.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had a huge desire for blood path related results, while Fang Yuan wanted Primordial Domain.</p>
<p>The star array calculation formation’s main power was to collect information in Central Continent through the wide area that it enveloped, through deductions, they could mobilize Central Continent Gu Immortals to cooperate seamlessly.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was the number one person in wisdom path, in fact, wisdom path was created by her, and now, she was still the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal. Nobody understood wisdom path more than her!</p>
<p>Wisdom path emphasized on control, it researched upon certainty.</p>
<p>Wisdom path had three main elements: thoughts, wills, and emotions.</p>
<p>Thoughts were ever-changing, wills were intense, while emotions interrupted, wisdom path cultivation meant having control over these three aspects!</p>
<p>This was the most basic thing.</p>
<p>Thus, wisdom path cultivators were often calm and composed, they knew how to handle their own state of mind.</p>
<p>On this basis, wisdom path Gu cultivators could handle information by storing them or understanding certain things, this allowed them to control the present.</p>
<p>Going a step further, the wisdom path Gu cultivator would use all sorts of clues and information to deduce certain possibilities according to the rules of heaven and earth or the behavior of people, this gave them control over the future.</p>
<p>This was the essence of wisdom path!</p>
<p>Precisely because of this essence, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was the only person who became one with the Dao among all of the venerables in history.</p>
<p>She fused with heaven’s will and influenced fate Gu, it turned fate into the biggest certainty in the world.</p>
<p>From this aspect, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was unique.</p>
<p>All sorts of information flowed into Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s mind like countless tributaries within the star array calculation formation.</p>
<p>These information included the fundamental structure of the mountains and rivers, weather changes, the arrangements of various Gu cultivation forces, or even the locations of Gu Immortals and their current conditions.</p>
<p>A vast amount of information entered Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s mind like a tidal wave that was entering the boundless sea.</p>
<p>If this was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable or Great Love Immortal Venerable, they would not be able to handle it.</p>
<p>But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was different.</p>
<p>She cultivated wisdom path and had a huge mind far surpassing the other venerables, she could calmly process all this information with ease.</p>
<p>A faint feeling of joy appeared in Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s heart.</p>
<p>Her control over Central Continent’s situation was rapidly increasing.</p>
<p>The more information that a wisdom path Gu cultivator had, the more advantage they could unleash as a wisdom path cultivator.</p>
<p>Otherwise, why would people say that information path and wisdom path were the most compatible?</p>
<p>“With the star array calculation formation, I can oversee Central Continent at all times, it is like a miniature Heaven Overseeing Tower.”</p>
<p>“Central Continent’s emotions are quite stable, while the ten great ancient sects have higher morale than usual. It seems that they have already seen the situation in the other four regions.”</p>
<p>“But the current star array calculation formation is still at the most foundational stage, it has much room for improvement.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable planned secretly.</p>
<p>For example, in terms of collecting information, the investigative methods were not outstanding.</p>
<p>Not to mention Gu Immortals, even mortal Gu Master experts could keep their own secrets to a certain extent.</p>
<p>In the star array calculation formation, information path Immortal Gu that could store information were rare and needed to be added. The best arrangement would be to directly transplant the Qian Kun Crystal Wall into it.</p>
<p>Or for example, the star array calculation formation’s own deduction, thinking, and deployment abilities also had room for growth.</p>
<p>But this needed a lot of Immortal Gu as well.</p>
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable created electric brain Gu, wisdom brain Gu, light brain Gu, and others.</p>
<p>Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable invented a special type of immortal plant — brain melon.</p>
<p>Reckless Savage Demon Venerable had once owned monkey brain Gu, dragon brain Gu, phoenix brain Gu, as well as the brain muscle Gu that could be used alongside strength path methods.</p>
<p>There was also Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s food path research result — brain juice Gu.</p>
<p>These Gu worms were all suitable for the star array calculation formation.</p>
<p>Other than these, the star array calculation formation’s own offensive and defensive capabilities also contained huge potential to get stronger.</p>
<p>“But the current star array calculation formation has already reached the bottom-line of the venerables. If I raise any aspect, they may come to attack it.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable understood the situation well.</p>
<p>Because of external pressure and the fact that it needed many Immortal Gu, the star array calculation formation could only be developed to this extent.</p>
<p>“Next, I need to collate the information of all the Gu Immortals in the Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects. Their lifespan, cultivation level, path, Immortal Gu, killer moves, immortal aperture situations, attainment levels, and others, after processing this information, I will let the star array calculation formation deploy them accordingly.”</p>
<p>“As for the Gu Immortals of the two heavens’ grotto-heavens...”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable decided to slow down.</p>
<p>This could not be rushed.</p>
<p>Probing a Gu Immortal’s information was something that went against the social norm.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable forcefully pushed through this plan, because the ten great ancient sects were subsidiaries of Heavenly Court, it was possible.</p>
<p>Even so, immortals of Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects did not feel comfortable about it, they still concealed some information.</p>
<p>But these were minor issues, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not want to force them.</p>
<p>By forcing them now, she would only lose the support of the people, it was not worth it.</p>
<p>Would Star Constellation Immortal Venerable act so unwise?</p>
<p>After these immortals start gaining benefits, their mindsets would change, they would actively contribute to the star array calculation formation.</p>
<p>After that happened, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would urge the Gu Immortals of the two heavens’ grotto-heavens to contribute their own information to the star array calculation formation.</p>
<p>Now was not the time.</p>
<p>Many super forces of the two heavens’ grotto-heavens had just joined Heavenly Court. If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable forced them, they would become disheartened, the rest of the world would also see the sorry state that they ended up in after joining Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>For the long term situation, it would not benefit Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable first refined Heavenly Court’s dao marks, she then interfered in Western Desert and interrupted Fang Yuan’s plans, she then created the derivation formation and recruited many of the two heavens’ grotto-heavens, after that, she worked with Fang Yuan to fight against Giant Sun while creating the basic form of the star array calculation formation.</p>
<p>All sorts of measures and countermeasures were used in a stable manner. Now, Heavenly Court was revitalized, it got over the repeated history of failure and had a bright future ahead.</p>
<p>“Giant Sun Immortal Venerable is even more injured than me, he has to recover and refine rank nine light Gu.”</p>
<p>“As for Fang Yuan, he lacks immortal essence, be it refining natural dao marks or the contest between venerables, it will be tough on him.”</p>
<p>“The greatest uncertainty is still Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.”</p>
<p>Thinking of this, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable looked afar again.</p>
<p>In the two heavens, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was bathed in flames, his mountain-like body was melting and regenerating at all times, his three heads were twisted and growling in painful agony.</p>
<p>“Spectral Soul...” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable muttered lightly, intense killing intent rose in her heart.</p>
<p>Eastern Sea.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan shook slightly as intense joy filled his heart, yet, his expression remained the same.</p>
<p>Rank nine heavenly secret Gu was refined!</p>
<p>Ever since the battle over light Gu, Fang Yuan’s refinement of heavenly secret Gu passed the most difficult trial.</p>
<p>After that, Fang Yuan returned to Eastern Sea and did not refine the natural dao marks, he pretended to be storing up immortal essence while secretly refining heavenly secret Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>Just earlier, Fang Yuan finally achieved success, rank nine heavenly secret Gu was created!</p>
<p>It was really rare.</p>
<p>This was the first attempt at refining it but he succeeded.</p>
<p>The main reason was rank nine advance refinement Gu, it helped Fang Yuan greatly. Secondly, heavenly secret Immortal Gu had an amazing recipe that was modified by Fang Yuan, it had reached a certain limit of perfection.</p>
<p>But looking at the overall situation, the difficulty was still quite high.</p>
<p>If Fang Yuan had not taken a risk by staking his life, he could have lost terribly.</p>
<p>Once rank nine heavenly secret Gu was refined, Fang Yuan went on to modify the killer move obscured heavenly secret.</p>
<p>This was not difficult.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was very confident in succeeding.</p>
<p>He had accumulated a lot of experience when modifying heavenly secret Gu’s recipe, while obscured heavenly secret itself was an amazing killer move, it had a firm foundation.</p>
<p>“I need to find a time to meet with Li Xiao Bai and use rank nine obscured heavenly secret on him. That way, he will be able to stay undercover safely.”</p>
<p>“Maybe I can make use of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to create a chance?”</p>
<p>Longevity Heaven.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was focusing on healing.</p>
<p>Using the vast number of Longevity Heaven’s luck path dao marks, he slowly refined the star path, wisdom path, and refinement path dao marks on his body.</p>
<p>Even though he gained rank nine light Gu, he felt an even greater sense of urgency now.</p>
<p>“Spectral Soul Demon Venerable devoured the wild rank nine fire Gu, that is an extremely stupid move.”</p>
<p>“He is insane now, there is no way he can refine fire Gu. To save itself, fire Gu will fight desperately inside his body, expending Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s soul path dao marks.”</p>
<p>“Once Spectral Soul Demon Venerable weakens to a certain level, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and Heaven Refining Demon Venerable will attack, an intense battle will erupt again.”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not use any investigative killer move.</p>
<p>He had to save immortal essence now.</p>
<p>This time, in order to protect Light Emperor and take rank nine light Gu, he consumed a lot of immortal essence in fighting both venerables at once.</p>
<p>If he continued to fight against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable in the upcoming battle, because of his advantage with light Gu, the two venerables might join up to target him.</p>
<p>The fact that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had rank nine light Gu was also quite troublesome.</p>
    </body>
</html>