<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2218: Fang Yuan As An Escape Route</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2218: Fang Yuan As An Escape Route</h1>
        
        <p>A tiny bamboo stick, on which five cicadas were skewered, was placed above the fire grill.</p> 
<p>The bamboo stick was unusual, while the fire was also not ordinary, these five cicadas were all rank five fire path Gu worms named purple smoke cicada. Once the infusion of true essence, can emit purple smoke, obscuring a piece of heaven and earth.</p> 
<p>If in the mortal world, each purple smoke cicada would cause bloodshed among Gu Masters, but here, they were just food.</p> 
<p>The person cooking the cicadas wore a white robe and had thick hair, he was sitting on a folding stool that displayed his tall and thin body.</p> 
<p>It was Northern Plains' rank eight Gu Immortal Heavenly Lord Bai Zu!</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had a hobby that was well known in Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world. He loved to cook Gu worms and create these delicious dishes from time to time.</p> 
<p>He personally cooked these dishes, other than for himself, he also gave them to his Bai Zu tribe members as a reward. Anyone who received such a reward would feel incredibly honored. This was Heavenly Lord Bai Zu's acknowledgement after all!</p> 
<p>At times, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu would also invite his Gu Immortal friends as guests to enjoy his cooking.</p> 
<p>At this moment, Chu Du sat in front of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, he was the single esteemed guest that was invited!</p> 
<p>Chu Du continued to chew as the number of purple smoke cicadas on the skewer fell to one.</p> 
<p>"Brother Chu, how's the taste?" Heavenly Lord Bai Zu grilled his cicadas while smiling and asking.</p> 
<p>Chu Du smiled too: "It has great flavor! To think that after grilling these purple smoke cicadas, they would actually have the flavor of chicken meat but also the sweetness of taro. It is a crunchy snack and one skewer is definitely not enough."</p> 
<p>"Hahaha." Heavenly Lord Bai Zu laughed: "Everyone knows that I was a lone cultivator initially. Long ago, when I roamed Northern Plains aimlessly, I barely had enough clothes or food. One time, when I failed to capture a Gu worm, I accidentally crushed it with my foot. Half a month of effort became wasted as a result."</p> 
<p>"I could not bear to leave it there! I felt angry and regretful. Thus, I cooked that Gu worm and ate it, the flavor was terrible and I had diarrhea for seven days and night, I almost died as a result."</p> 
<p>"After that ordeal, I became more determined and ruthless. I swore that when I made it big, I would frequently eat Gu worms to take revenge."</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had a drifting gaze.</p> 
<p>Chu Du was solemn.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had never said such words to him, he seemed to have the intention to go into a deeper conversation.</p> 
<p>Chu Du knew that this was the result of exposing his rank eight cultivation level, they were on equal levels now.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu laughed again as he steered the topic back: "My grilled cicadas are just a hobby, there is good flavor but no benefits at all. This is not like those super forces with deep foundations, their famous teas and wines are passed down for generations and modified each time. Some of their better creations can even grant dao marks after consumption."</p> 
<p>Chu Du nodded as he said analytically: "Ever since the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain and the actions of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, who has incredibly profound food path methods, Heavenly Court, which was his enemy, started to research food path and gained much result. The qi tides that swept the world also caused five or six food path inheritances that I know of to be circulated. These were mostly sold in treasure yellow heaven and were bought by many people, allowing them to benefit greatly. As a result, food path started to spread among people."</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu nodded and sighed: "With the destruction of fate, the unification of five regions, and the reign of three venerables, the chaotic war is about to start. This has never happened in human history. Food path originated from beastmen and was purposely concealed by people even when it was spread. But with the great era now, food path cannot be hidden anymore. I wonder how many food path experts will appear in the future? Food path is becoming like this, strength path will also not stay the same. Brother Chu, I know that you are focused on promoting strength path, that is impossible during normal times, but in this great era, you have a good chance of success."</p> 
<p>Chu Du laughed involuntarily, he had fought against Fairy Black Moon earlier and risked injuries to save her, it showed his aspiration to everyone.</p> 
<p>Chu Du's eyes glimmered: "Now is still too early. Currently, there are less than five true strength path experts in the five regions. Other than me and Fairy Black Moon, there is only the first supreme elder of Western Desert's Fang clan, who is the most famous one. To revitalize strength path, I need to get more Gu cultivators to choose strength path in their cultivation. I cannot change the environment of the world, but I can create more strength path experts to push this tide along!"</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu finally reached the topic he wanted, he interjected: "Brother Chu, you are forgetting one strength path expert. In his early days, he mostly relied on strength path methods. And now, he is high and mighty, far beyond the realm of us ordinary people."</p> 
<p>Chu Du was stunned for a moment before realizing that Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was referring to Gu Yue Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Chu Du knew what Heavenly Lord Bai Zu's intention was in mentioning Fang Yuan, he cooperated and said solemnly: "Gu Yue Fang Yuan was able to become a venerable, it is truly out of my expectations. Back when I first met him, I felt that this person was not simple, he could not be estimated with common sense."</p> 
<p>"Afterwards, I was fortunate to fight together with him several times, I found that this person had a hardy nature, he had both brains and brawn. Anyone with such a nature would not submit to being below others."</p> 
<p>"But he had a special identity, he was the single chosen person by heaven's will to rebirth, he also received the investment of many venerables in an attempt to destroy fate. In his life, he had encountered so many dangerous situations and predicaments that even throughout history, nobody could compare to it."</p> 
<p>"Finally, he managed to take that final step and become one of the strongest people in the world. After my initial shock and suspicion, I analyzed this and felt that it was a natural thing."</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu listened, he nodded, saying: "You are exactly right."</p> 
<p>Next, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu subconsciously quietened his voice as he moved his body forward, saying to Chu Du: "I wonder if Brother Chu has stayed in contact with this Heaven Refining Demon Venerable..."</p> 
<p>Chu Du did not answer openly, he asked: "Oh? Brother Bai Zu, you mean to say..."</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu shrugged and raised both palms, smiled bitterly: "In the current situation, Brother Chu, why the need to ask an unnecessary question? We became acquainted from our initial conflict, even though we made our respective tribes, in this Northern Plains, we are ostracized constantly."</p> 
<p>"In normal times, we both have rank eight cultivation level, other than Central Continent, as long as we are alive, our forces can stay strong in any other place."</p> 
<p>"But now, we are in the unprecedented great era!"</p> 
<p>"Giant Sun Immortal Venerable revived, and he has a reputation for being the most caring towards his descendants."</p> 
<p>"My Bai Zu tribe was established by devouring Hei tribe's foundation, which is a Huang Jin bloodline tribe."</p> 
<p>"To speak the truth, Brother Chu, I have not been able to eat or sleep well recently, I am filled with worries."</p> 
<p>Chu Du quickly consoled: "No matter how protective Giant Sun Immortal Venerable is towards his descendants, you still have rank eight cultivation level. Longevity Heaven has been trying to unify the entire Northern Plains Gu Immortal world, if he kills you, he will lose the support of many people. If the current world were ruled by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable alone, we might be in danger. But with three venerables in power now, we have hope of surviving."</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu still had a bitter expression: "However, there are countless ways for the stronger party to deal with us. Brother Chu, ever since our tribes were created, the other Huang Jin tribes have been ostracizing us. Haven't we seen enough of their methods? Giant Sun Immortal Venerable does not need to target us, when the chaos starts, he can just push our tribes to be the cannon fodder, it is a simple thing to get rid of us."</p> 
<p>Chu Du heard this and nodded lightly. Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had expressed his inner worry as well.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu wanted to contact Fang Yuan through Chu Du, he was not thinking of joining Fang Yuan immediately.</p> 
<p>After all, Fang Yuan had been given the title of Heaven Refining Demon Venerable by Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Everyone in the world knew about Fang Yuan's nature, ruthlessness and cruelty was a part of it.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu wanted to leave an escape route for himself, so that he could use it when a crisis appeared.</p> 
<p>And the truth was, Chu Du had the same idea as him.</p> 
<p>"To speak the truth, I have not contacted Fang Yuan for a very long time." Chu Du sighed and said the truth.</p> 
<p>Chu Du added: "Everyone knows about my relationship with Fang Yuan. It is too dangerous to contact Fang Yuan now with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's existence. If I get exposed, disaster would strike."</p> 
<p>Even though he said that.</p> 
<p>Chu Du had already made up his mind, while the three venerables were resting, he would secretly contact Fang Yuan and try to create a backup plan for his Chu tribe.</p> 
<p>The concurrent reign of three venerables shocked the world.</p> 
<p>After the shock, most of the forces and Gu Immortals started to think about their own circumstances.</p> 
<p>At the same time, Fang clan's first supreme elder, who was known as the most famous strength path expert by Chu Du, was also holding a meeting now.</p> 
<p>In the study room.</p> 
<p>Fang clan's first supreme elder Fang Gong sat down and said with a tone of lingering fear: "To think that Fang Yuan became a Demon Venerable! Thankfully, our clan did not reject him and made the transaction with him. Otherwise, if we offended him, we could have defended against him back then, but now, we would face his revenge. Our entire clan would get into a crisis of life and death."</p> 
<p>At the side, Fang clan's third supreme elder, rank seven Gu Immortal, Fang Hua Sheng said: "The truth is, our Fang clan was deceived by Fang Yuan for so long, but that is nothing big, he is someone who became venerable after all."</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang snorted coldly, showing a look of displeasure.</p> 
<p>He had deep grudges with Fang Yuan. Back then, he schemed against Fang Yuan but got killed and captured instead. Even though Fang Yuan released his soul later, that was part of the transaction that allowed him to get a vast amount of soul cores as well as Thieves Den.</p> 
<p>Right now, Fang Di Chang had another body, even though he had rank five cultivation level, he was already preparing for his immortal ascension.</p> 
<p>Although his cultivation level fell, his status remained unchanged. After all, his adopted son, Fang Yun, was holding up his faction, he was still trusted by the whole of Fang clan.</p> 
<p>Even though Fang Di Chang's wisdom path methods were weaker now, he still had his unique perspective.</p> 
<p>He smiled coldly and analyzed: "On the surface, Fang Yuan has become a Demon Venerable and the current situation is unprecedented! Something like three venerables coexisting at the same time has never happened, but even among them, there are subtle differences."</p> 
<p>"Look, Heavenly Court exposed Giant Sun Immortal Venerable of creating and cultivating blood path, they also claimed that Fang Yuan was Heaven Refining Demon Venerable, they are the most aggressive side."</p> 
<p>"Longevity Heaven rebuked Heavenly Court and said that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was cultivating blood path to benefit the world, it was his great benevolence. At the same time, they also called Fang Yuan a Demon Venerable."</p> 
<p>"Among the three, only Fang Yuan has not spoken. After the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, he has been recuperating in Eastern Sea. This shows that he is the weakest among the three venerables."</p> 
<p>"In the future, the three venerables will have a huge battle, I still have a chance of revenge. Our Western Desert is situated deep in Western Desert, we have a great location. When the five regions go to war, the boundaries of the various regions will be chaotic. We only need to lay low and develop secretly. If the three venerables have a winner among them, we will join that side. If the venerables die, our Fang clan has hope of becoming an overlord of Western Desert."</p> 
<p>Fang Gong and Fang Hua Sheng listened to his analysis and could not help but nod slightly.</p>
    </body>
</html>
