<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2014: Qi Jue Takes Blood Qi</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2014: Qi Jue Takes Blood Qi</h1>
        
        <p>Seeing this Gu Immortal, who was wearing a headband and a green robe, having a tall and powerful stance and handsome appearance, Demon Immortal Qi Jue's mind shook: "That qi path Immortal Gu I deduced, could it be on this person?"</p> 
<p>The moment this thought emerged, Demon Immortal Qi Jue attacked!</p> 
<p>With a loud sound, a giant white qi hand moved to catch Red Heart Traveler.</p> 
<p>Almost at the same time that Demon Immortal Qi Jue discovered Red Heart Traveler, Red Heart Traveler also discovered Demon Immortal Qi Jue.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not recognize Red Heart Traveler, but Red Heart Traveler already had Heavenly Court's first hand information on Demon Immortal Qi Jue.</p> 
<p>Seeing the white qi hand fly towards him, Red Heart Traveler's heart jumped and he quickly evaded.</p> 
<p>Red Heart Traveler was a Heavenly Court Gu Immortal and the previous Demon Judgment Board leader, he was very strong. During the fate war, he came to Western Desert and disguised as a blood path demonic immortal, attracting the attention of many super forces of Western Desert's righteous path, thus restraining a large number of hostile forces for Central Continent.</p> 
<p>Looking at the whole of Western Desert's Gu Immortal world, Red Heart Traveler had the confidence to fight against almost any Western Desert Gu Immortal. But right now, his opponent was Demon Immortal Qi Jue, one of the strongest Gu Immortals in the present age.</p> 
<p>Red Heart Traveler was well aware that he was not Demon Immortal Qi Jue's match. The gap was too large, and the loser of this battle was certain to be him.</p> 
<p>So Red Heart Traveler retreated without any hesitation.</p> 
<p>At the next moment, Demon Immortal Qi Jue saw a lump of blood red light emerge behind Red Heart Traveler's head, after which the latter's speed increased sharply and was able to dodge his qi hand.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue exclaimed slightly, mumbling inwardly: "Blood path again? It seems like blood path is very prolific in this age."</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue was naturally not willing to let go of Red Heart Traveler so easily, so he gave chase.</p> 
<p>One chased and one fled, they had soon traveled over ten thousand li.</p> 
<p>To his surprise, Demon Immortal Qi Jue discovered his main movement method was actually unable to catch up to Red Heart Traveler. Naturally, he was not left behind in the dust either.</p> 
<p>"I have already modified my movement method but I am still unable to catch up to this person. Who is this person? A rank eight blood path Gu Immortal…."</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue searched his memories and gradually found some clues.</p> 
<p>He had previously soul searched Qing Hui Zi and obtained a lot of information. Red Heart Traveler's true identity was not exposed but he created havoc in Western Desert, and with the sensitive identity of a rank eight blood path expert, information regarding him was already spread in treasure yellow heaven and every Gu Immortal in the world had learned of it.</p> 
<p>After chasing for some more time, Demon Immortal Qi Jue suddenly shouted: "Where exactly are you running to?"</p> 
<p>His preparation was finished, he activated a killer move.</p> 
<p>Red Heart Traveler immediately felt the surrounding qi currents engulf him, severely affecting his speed.</p> 
<p>He sighed inwardly, he could only turn around and fight Demon Immortal Qi Jue.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue's moves were majestic and powerful, milky white qi currents surged like a tsunami with unstoppable might.</p> 
<p>When they truly fought, there was no surprise, Red Heart Traveler fell into a disadvantage. But his methods also were not weak, blood red light spread and blood red flowers bloomed, there was no evil feeling, on the contrary, they were warm and righteous as they defended him.</p> 
<p>Red Heart Traveler struggled with all his might, but in just several rounds, his whole body was soaked with sweat. He sighed internally: "As expected of a monster that was recorded in history, he is too strong!"</p> 
<p>Red Heart Traveler felt he was like a small boat that was using all its strength to dodge and delay for time under the tidal wave-like attacks of Demon Immortal Qi Jue.</p> 
<p>After several more rounds, Red Heart Traveler was already in a perilous situation.</p> 
<p>At this time, there was suddenly a beast roar. An immemorial desolate beast drilled out from the desert and went for a surprise attack on Demon Immortal Qi Jue from behind.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue was caught off-guard but he did not panic, he waved his hand and a mountain-like giant qi hand slammed into the immemorial desolate beast.</p> 
<p>But just as this immemorial desolate beast was about to be struck by the giant hand, it suddenly let out bright light and transformed into an immemorial swallow that shot towards Demon Immortal Qi Jue like a black arrow.</p> 
<p>"So it is a transformation path Gu Immortal! Haha, interesting." Demon Immortal Qi Jue was slightly surprised, he praised while he fought against this immortal.</p> 
<p>The aid was from Nine Spiritual Fairy.</p> 
<p>She and Red Heart Traveler had come to Western Desert together to help each other out.</p> 
<p>With her reinforcement, Red Heart Traveler's situation immediately turned better, he managed to escape from the horrible outcome of death.</p> 
<p>"We can't fight for long! This old demon is truly terrifying, we are not his match. We are only able to resist him now because he is not familiar with our methods yet." Red Heart Traveler hurriedly transmitted his voice.</p> 
<p>He had fought Demon Immortal Qi Jue and felt the terror of an expert at the peak of the present age. Demon Immortal Qi Jue was unable to get rid of him because he had resurrected not long ago and had yet to completely adapt to the changes. If they truly fought, it was only a matter of time before Heavenly Court's two immortals were killed by Demon Immortal Qi Jue.</p> 
<p>"I have an idea, follow me!" Nine Spiritual Fairy transmitted her voice, retreating while fighting.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue chased after the two immortals all the way to a desert.</p> 
<p>Nine Spiritual Fairy suddenly transformed into an immemorial desolate beast and held Red Heart Traveler in her mouth before plunging into the desert.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue snorted coldly: "Foolish action!"</p> 
<p>With a clap of his hands, heaven and earth shook. Milky white qi current slammed the desert surface like a tsunami, the surrounding hundred li of desert was forcibly pressed down to over ten feet deep!</p> 
<p>Nine Spiritual Fairy let out a muffled groan as she suffered heavy injuries.</p> 
<p>Red Heart Traveler quickly used healing methods on her.</p> 
<p>Nine Spiritual Fairy did not dare to return to fighting and concentrated only on moving deeper into the ground.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue was just about to plunge into the desert and continue chasing when he suddenly heard a beast roar. At the next moment, a huge immemorial soul beast flew out of the nearby desert ground.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue's pupils shrunk slightly when he saw this immemorial soul beast.</p> 
<p>This immemorial soul beast had a strange shape and looked quite furious. It had a tortoise shell, four tiger paws, dragon tail, snake neck, and a human head. Its head was full of disheveled hair and its eyes were letting out ominous light and fury.</p> 
<p>This was a legendary immemorial desolate beast with many Immortal Gu!</p> 
<p>"Oh, you found Qing Chou." Seeing Demon Immortal Qi Jue tangled with the immemorial soul beast, Red Heart Traveler exclaimed in shock.</p> 
<p>This immemorial soul beast was Qing Chou.</p> 
<p>After Divine Bean Palace was seized by Fang clan, Qing Chou left Divine Bean Palace and hid itself in some areas.</p> 
<p>But in the fate war, Divine Bean Palace and Emperor City had merged into one and Genesis Lotus' was in control of it. After the fate war, Genesis Lotus' will naturally handed all kinds of information to Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Not only did Qin Ding Ling know of Fang Di Chang's true identity, she also obtained information on Qing Chou. Divine Bean Palace had imprisoned Qing Chou for so many years, Genesis Lotus' will had an extremely high understanding of it and knew of a secret method to find it.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling obtained this secret method and secretly commanded Nine Spiritual Fairy to search for Qing Chou and subdue it.</p> 
<p>Qing Chou was a legendary immemorial beast, not only did it have outstanding battle strength, it also had a natural ability to recognize everything related to Spectral Soul. If Heavenly Court obtained it, not only could they deal with Fang Yuan, they could even deal with Spectral Soul, it could be considered as killing two birds with one stone.</p> 
<p>Nine Spiritual Fairy had found Qing Chou's location not long ago, but her strength was insufficient and she had no confidence in succeeding. When Red Heart Traveler ran into Demon Immortal Qi Jue, she thought of a plan to lure Demon Immortal Qi Jue into fighting with Qing Chou.</p> 
<p>"Amazing, like this, we can watch from the sidelines and even possibly benefit from their conflict." Red Heart Traveler smiled.</p> 
<p>"Qing Chou is not Demon Immortal Qi Jue's match, we need to observe the situation before making a decision." Nine Spiritual Fairy talked while moving deeper into the ground, the further away they were from the battlefield, the better.</p> 
<p>However, beyond the expectations of Heavenly Court's two immortals, Demon Immortal Qi Jue felt something amiss and breathed out boundless qi currents that filled the sky.</p> 
<p>He entered them and quickly disappeared.</p> 
<p>Without an opponent, Qing Chou also chose to leave the battlefield, escaping to the horizons.</p> 
<p>Deep underground, Heavenly Court's two immortals looked at each other. Red Heart Traveler suddenly said: "Damn it! That Blood Sea true inheritance is going to be taken!"</p> 
<p>Nine Spiritual Fairy was stunned for a moment before reacting: "You really found that blood path true inheritance?"</p> 
<p>Red Heart Traveler nodded, sighing: "Heavenly Court's clues were not wrong, the crucial key was the qi tide that exposed the Blood Sea true inheritance. I searched for over half a month before finally arriving at the location. But I ran into Demon Immortal Qi Jue over there."</p> 
<p>Nine Spiritual Fairy was silent.</p> 
<p>Meanwhile, Demon Immortal Qi Jue returned back to the original spot.</p> 
<p>"It is really here!" He inspected for a while, discovering the target was still here and had not moved.</p> 
<p>After trying for a while more, he successfully obtained this Blood Sea true inheritance.</p> 
<p>Back then, Blood Sea Ancestor had set up hundreds of thousands of inheritance sites that spread over Central Continent, Southern Border, Northern Plains, Western Desert and Eastern Sea. Among them, there were nine true inheritances.</p> 
<p>One of the true inheritances had now fallen into Demon Immortal Qi Jue's hands.</p> 
<p>"Blood path true inheritance… amazing, with this true inheritance, it will be several times easier for me to deal with blood path Gu Immortals."</p> 
<p>"And this blood qi Immortal Gu is really suitable for me. Hahaha."</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue laughed heartily.</p> 
<p>Almost all the killer moves he activated before consumed qi path immortal materials. Now that he obtained a qi path Immortal Gu, his strength was raised further.</p> 
<p>Although there was still some difference from his peak condition in history, he was already much stronger than when he fought Fang Yuan.</p>
    </body>
</html>
