<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2325: Fang Yuan Plunders Central Continent!</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2325: Fang Yuan Plunders Central Continent!</h1>
        <p>Profound jade snake cave was a famous super resource point in Central Continent.</p>
<p>It belonged to one of the ten great ancient sects, Heaven’s Envy Manor. The scale of annual resource production of profound jade snake cave was among the top five in Central Continent, the resources it produced were of many types as well, including enslavement path, transformation path, earth path, dark path, space path, and poison path.</p>
<p>Profound jade snake cave was the breeding ground for countless poisonous creatures among which profound jade snakes were the overlords that countered poison. Every profound jade snake was an immemorial desolate beast, they were born from jade, had no scales, were light green resembling jade, and emitted fresh fragrance.</p>
<p>The most valuable resources in profound jade snake cave were the profound jade snakes but it was not easy to find them. It was not only because profound jade snakes were small and enjoyed silence, profound jade snake cave’s terrain was complex with thousands of caves in it. And because it had space path dao marks, small caves often contained large spaces and were nested upon each other.</p>
<p>Heaven’s Envy Manor might possess this super resource point and also set up an immortal formation here but had never grasped it completely. Every year, Heaven’s Envy Manor had to send many Gu Immortal experts to explore profound jade snake cave to capture profound jade snakes.</p>
<p>But for the current Fang Yuan, it was not much of a trouble.</p>
<p>“Rise.” After preparing for a while, Fang Yuan used a killer move.</p>
<p>At the next moment, the earth and mountains shook.</p>
<p>The whole profound jade snake cave rose slowly amidst billowing smoke, and under Fang Yuan’s methods, shrank and was placed into sovereign immortal aperture.</p>
<p>This was already the eleventh super resource point that Fang Yuan obtained.</p>
<p>“Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, if you don’t hand over my clone, I will take away all of Central Continent’s large resource points!” Fang Yuan did not forget to shout threats.</p>
<p>But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable showed no movement, she had clearly resolved herself to stay in Heavenly Court and revive Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable. She was not going to be shaken by the outside world.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan snorted coldly as he continued.</p>
<p>He arrived at the source of Falling Heavenly River.</p>
<p>This river was a boundless expanse of water that heavily crashed at the riverbed from an endless height. The rumbling noise of the waterfall was like the continuous crackling of thunder. Endless water vapor formed dense fog that shrouded a vast range of the surroundings.</p>
<p>The reason for the formation of this river was because of Bo Qing’s attempt to breakthrough to rank nine.</p>
<p>Falling Heavenly River smashed open an inland river that opened a channel that flowed through the entirety of Central Continent, towards the eastern side of central continent, and into eastern sea.</p>
<p>Even the merging of two heavens only reduced the size of Falling Heavenly River slightly, it was still a majestic sight to behold.</p>
<p>After taking profound jade snake cave, Fang Yuan arrived at the source of Falling Heavenly River.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan made his move.</p>
<p>After a while, Falling Heavenly River’s size shrank to sixty percent!</p>
<p>This sixty percent Falling Heavenly River was stored inside sovereign immortal aperture.</p>
<p>The water level of the inland river at the source of Falling Heavenly River fell by thousands of feet. The water surface at the middle and lower stream of Falling Heavenly River began to reduce rapidly and exposed the river bed, causing negative influences on the surrounding plants, crops, temperature, mortal habitats, and so on.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan left Falling Heavenly River and arrived at spirit bank spring.</p>
<p>This was a super resource point that belonged to Ancient Soul Sect, which had once sent Yang Feng to guard this place but was still plundered by Forgotten Daoist.</p>
<p>But now, Yang Feng had already followed Ancient Soul Sect to enter Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan easily dismantled the immortal formation and took spirit bank spring away.</p>
<p>After spirit bank spring was pot river.</p>
<p>This river resembled a long jade belt, it was situated in the eastern area of Central Continent. The riverbank was filled with willow trees and gentle breeze. The water in pot river was smooth flowing, like a beautiful song, it was graceful and harmonious. There was a lot of pot grass growing in pot river.</p>
<p>Wind Cloud Manor was in charge of pot river and held a festival around pot river every year.</p>
<p>But not long later, pot river along with its river channel was moved into the immortal aperture by Fang Yuan. Even if there were to be pot river festivals in the future, they could only be held inside the sovereign immortal aperture.</p>
<p>After pot river was Hidden Dragon Cave.</p>
<p>Hidden Dragon Cave had once imprisoned the legendary immemorial desolate beast Di Zang Sheng. There were very large numbers of scale enslavement path and rule path dao marks here. There was also the remnants of the huge immortal Gu formation that Heavenly Court set up here, it had a huge reference value to most formation path Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>After Hidden Dragon Cave was put into the sovereign immortal aperture, Fang Yuan moved to Lake Heart Mountain.</p>
<p>This was Spirit Affinity House’s headquarters.</p>
<p>It was definitely an outstanding place to be chosen as the encampment of one of the ten great ancient sects.</p>
<p>Lake Heart Mountain was a super resource point by itself, not only did it contain secret inheritance peak, lesser cold peak, affection peak, fierce fire peak, heavenly flowers peak, and other peaks, it also had Fairy Life Tablet Hall, time path cultivation immortal formation, and other facilities.</p>
<p>Naturally, life tablet Gu was already taken from the Fairy Life Tablet Hall, the time path cultivation immortal formation’s Immortal Gu were also taken away. But these facilities were mostly intact, they could be used after repairing.</p>
<p>Soon, Lake Heart Mountain became a scenic spot within the sovereign immortal aperture.</p>
<p>After Lake Heart Mountain was Mountain Tortoise Valley, then Imprisonment Valley, red river beach, hundred segment forest, scale light river, earth qi rock forest, Quiet Rain Valley.....</p>
<p>Fang Yuan looted wantonly, he did not hold back at all!</p>
<p>Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects had left, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was holed up in Heavenly Court; Fang Yuan had no obstructions.</p>
<p>His looting efficiency was extremely high!</p>
<p>If Giant Sun Immortal Venerable wanted to relocate these resource points, he had to use luck path methods or blood path methods to imitate other paths and put in a lot of effort to move them.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had the sovereign immortal body which had non-conflicting dao marks, so he could use methods of all paths. Earth path was more suitable to relocate caves and caverns. Wood path methods were appropriate to plunder forests.</p>
<p>Another point was that Fang Yuan had a lot of Immortal Gu in his reserves. Putting rank nine Immortal Gu aside, refining rank eight Immortal Gu was as easy as drinking water to him.</p>
<p>Resource points were looted one after the other, the essence of the whole Central Continent was being plundered by him and his appetite showed no signs of being full!</p>
<p>There were some resource points which Fang Yuan could not obtain completely for the moment.</p>
<p>For instance, Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range. The mountain range was extremely range, Fang Yuan could not relocate the whole mountain range in a short period. He could easily take one or two mountain peaks but the mountain range was a long stretch, it could not be compared to one or two mountain peaks.</p>
<p>Another example was Hairy Foot Mountain. Hairy Foot Mountain once held Infallible blessed land, Fang Yuan had came to this place first but it was already destroyed by Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>There was also Reincarnation Battlefield. This was the battlefield killer move that was personally set up by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable. It was famous in history and was publicly recognized as the number one battlefield killer move since ancient times! Fang Yuan had carefully observed it before leaving directly.</p>
<p>It was not that he could not take it but it required careful study and deductions. This required a lot of time and effort, moreover, the specific time required was difficult to be estimated.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had a lot of experience in looting so his actions were extremely efficient.</p>
<p>He left forty percent of Falling Heavenly River, it was not because he was willing to leave it behind, but he would have to spend more time and effort to take it. And it was better to loot other places than waste time here!</p>
<p>Central Continent fell into an unprecedented state of unrest.</p>
<p>There was no such unrest and chaos even during the fate war.</p>
<p>The fate war was mainly the war of Gu Immortals, Heavenly Court and Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects defended their positions.</p>
<p>But now that the Gu Immortals of Heavenly Court and Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects were all holed up inside Heavenly Court, Central Continent became an unguarded place.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan did not conceal his action of looting and relocating resource points. Every time he moved, it would cause a huge commotion that was noticed by others, and his actions enticed others as well.</p>
<p>“The grand venerable is eating meat but we should be able to drink the remaining soup, right?”</p>
<p>“Even if it is just one mouthful, it is enough for us to be full.”</p>
<p>“This is Central Continent, the ten great ancient sects have all moved away! This opportunity won’t come again.”</p>
<p>The five regional walls were gone, so the other four regions’ Gu Immortals began to move. After them were Central Continent’s few demonic path Gu Immortals and lone immortals, then finally were Central Continent’s righteous path Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>Central Continent’s righteous path did not consist of just the ten great ancient sects, there were many other super forces, for instance, Great Heavenly Sword Sect, Lightning Information Sect, Demon Expelling Sect, and so on.</p>
<p>Naturally, these righteous path forces moved with the excuse of defending Central Continent and helping Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>These people did not dare to appear in front of Fang Yuan, but Central Continent was huge and had a lot of resource points. Many resource points could not catch Fang Yuan’s eye or were positioned towards the end of the looting plan, these areas became the target of the Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>The sovereign immortal aperture was also in chaos.</p>
<p>Gu Immortals were so busy that their heads were spinning.</p>
<p>There had never been such a moment when resource points were moved in on such a large scale.</p>
<p>This was simply like a flood of resources, unceasing and endless.</p>
<p>The most crucial point was that super resource points could be found everywhere and were the majority, even the sovereign immortal aperture’s Gu Immortals were shaken to the core.</p>
<p>“Master is mighty! He is looting the whole of Central Continent.”</p>
<p>“This is a venerable’s might, this is our Lord Fang Yuan!”</p>
<p>“Great, Lord Qi Sea was captured by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, even if Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable revives, they will only be welcomed by a barren Central Continent.”</p>
<p>“The first wind vein ring is completed!”</p>
<p>“The second light vein ring is finished.”</p>
<p>“Dark path has also completed the first ring!”</p>
<p>The sovereign immortal aperture’s time flow was very different from the five regions’ outside world. All kinds of dao veins were constructed rapidly, metal path, light path, dark path, poison path, rule path, enslavement path, transformation path...</p>
<p>Gu Immortals worked day and night, squeezing out all their energy and constantly visiting Liver Life Hall. Now and then, someone would reach the limits and their liver would explode, but it was not an issue, many healing halls were constructed around the sovereign immortal aperture.</p>
<p>In an instant, many of the sovereign immortal aperture’s Gu Immortals became like Yu Zi, choosing to use the salt-water liver plan.</p>
<p>As the saying went, humans needed windfalls to get rich, while horses needed extra grass to grow healthy.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s costless looting made his sovereign immortal aperture’s development achieve an unprecedented and terrifying efficiency!</p>
<p>Central Continent was surrounded by four regions but was also a region with rich resources, second only to Eastern Sea. Eastern Sea had more water path resources but Central Continent had resources of all kinds.</p>
<p>Central Continent was developed by Heavenly Court for over three million years, its development had reached the limits, almost all the immortal level resource points were developed to some extent.</p>
<p>These all became Fang Yuan’s targets.</p>
<p>Many dao veins were completed almost at one go in the sovereign immortal aperture. This was a huge boost to the stability of the sovereign immortal aperture!</p>
<p>Thus, even though the sovereign immortal aperture annexed so many resource points, because of the dao veins, it became much more stable instead.</p>
<p>With such a foundation, Fang Yuan could begin absorbing the Primordial Domain in treasure yellow heaven and annexing blessed lands everywhere.</p>
<p>He had stored the Primordial Domain in treasure yellow heaven all along. There was no need to lie low now and he could start absorbing it.</p>
<p>There were many blessed lands everywhere in Central Continent.</p>
<p>For instance, Flowing Silver blessed land that was revealed because of the qi tides, Hu Immortal blessed land that Fang Yuan gave up in the past, or Star Form blessed land, and so on.</p>
    </body>
</html>