<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2269: Heavenly Melody</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2269: Heavenly Melody</h1>
        <p>Among the Gu Immortals who came to purchase Fang clan slaves, there might be Fang clan Gu</p>
<p>Immortals, but treasure yellow heaven would not decipher them.</p>
<p>Xiao Ye Hu did not care.</p>
<p>He quoted his price expressionlessly, it was a normal price that was neither too low nor high.</p>
<p>Immediately, several transactions were completed.</p>
<p>“With this batch of Fang clan members, I have made up for the final gap, I can try to refine</p>
<p>wealth Gu now.” Shi Kang was very happy.</p>
<p>“Please don’t let me get sold to Fang clan Gu Immortals!” Wang Xiao Er prayed in his heart.</p>
<p>“I’ll take this batch, they seem to be of decent quality.” The Gu Immortal spoke to Xiao Ye Hu</p>
<p>and chose a batch.</p>
<p>Even among human slaves, quality differed.</p>
<p>Among which, rank five Gu Masters were the most popular, following that were the young and</p>
<p>talented Gu Masters.</p>
<p>At once, crying sounds could be heard.</p>
<p>The Fang clan members were sold off, their families were broken up for good, they bid farewell</p>
<p>to each other here for the last time, it was a sad sight to see.</p>
<p>Here, the Fang clan members’ lives would be greatly changed, the future was bound to be very</p>
<p>different from now.</p>
<p>The pitiful Fang clan members would be sold to Shi Kang as Gu materials and used till they</p>
<p>died.</p>
<p>Some of the luckier ones would be specially chosen as Gu Immortal seeds to join certain sects</p>
<p>or clans. If they succeed in becoming Gu Immortals in the future, it would be a huge profit for</p>
<p>the buyer.</p>
<p>Of course, there were few who were regarded as Gu Immortal seeds.</p>
<p>“Fang clan lost but they are not out yet. It seems that this contest will still go on.” In the two</p>
<p>heavens, Fairy Zi Wei retracted her divine sense from treasure yellow heaven.</p>
<p>She had been paying close attention to the trend of the world recently.</p>
<p>Currently, she had already been in the two heavens with Ying Wu Xie for a few days.</p>
<p>During this period of time, they had a tough journey filled with difficulties and danger.</p>
<p>The immemorial two heavens were dangerous to begin with, ordinary rank eight Gu Immortals</p>
<p>had to be very careful when they explored.</p>
<p>Now that the two heavens had fused, the environment was chaotic and messy, it was filled with</p>
<p>changes. The five regions had already been implicated, while the fused two heavens itself was</p>
<p>even more intense.</p>
<p>From time to time, roaming immemorial desolate beasts would appear, there could even be</p>
<p>huge armies made of desolate beasts, ancient desolate beasts, and even immemorial desolate</p>
<p>beasts.</p>
<p>It was still relatively safer to meet wild beasts, the scariest thing was getting into a place with</p>
<p>dense dao marks, because the two heavens had shattered and fused together, many dangerous</p>
<p>and forbidden places were shifting around now.</p>
<p>If one got trapped, they would be like a mortal stepping into a quicksand in the desert, they</p>
<p>could only wait for death in despair.</p>
<p>Even an expert like Fairy Zi Wei would encounter danger.</p>
<p>“Ying Wu Xie, just how far away are we?” Fairy Zi Wei asked.</p>
<p>Currently, they were hiding within a soul beast army.</p>
<p>This soul beast army had many ancient soul beasts, Ying Wu Xie took control of it.</p>
<p>Ying Wu Xie replied: ”From what I sense, we still need three days to reach the main body.</p>
<p>During this period, if he moves, the timing could be extended or shortened.”</p>
<p>Ying Wu Xie used a soul path killer move and managed to sense the location of his main body.</p>
<p>But Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s speed was far beyond them.</p>
<p>Thankfully, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had lost his senses, he did not use defensive</p>
<p>methods against investigations, he was also roaming around causing destruction, he did not</p>
<p>avoid them.</p>
<p>Thus, during this time, Ying Wu Xie and Fairy Zi Wei managed to get closer to Spectral Soul</p>
<p>Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>Howl!</p>
<p>The soul beast that was moving ahead suddenly stopped, it cried out in pain like it had slammed</p>
<p>into an invisible wall.</p>
<p>“What’s going on?” Fairy Zi Wei instantly became alert.</p>
<p>“Be careful, all of you, stop!” Ying Wu Xie also controlled his soul beast army and stopped,</p>
<p>floating in the air.</p>
<p>In the past few days, they had used the soul beasts to probe many dangerous areas.</p>
<p>The cost was thirty percent of the soul beasts they controlled.</p>
<p>“This is... heavenly chasm?” Fairy Zi Wei checked and gasped in surprise.</p>
<p>Heavenly chasm was a rank nine heaven path immortal material, it had an irregular form but</p>
<p>was incredibly big. It was formless and ethereal, although it seemed like empty air, it could not</p>
<p>be passed through.</p>
<p>“We are so unlucky, to think that we would be obstructed by this!” Ying Wu Xie was</p>
<p>disappointed.</p>
<p>The heavenly chasm was not dangerous but it was a huge problem for them.</p>
<p>Because they needed to get past the heavenly chasm, but they could not find out what its exact</p>
<p>shape or distribution was.</p>
<p>Both Fairy Zi Wei’s and Ying Wu Xie’s investigative methods had a smaller range than the size</p>
<p>of the entire heavenly chasm.</p>
<p>In other words, they could only test their luck by choosing one direction and trying to get around</p>
<p>it from there.</p>
<p>It was inestimable how much time they would need to use up now.</p>
<p>But there was no helping it, Fairy Zi Wei and Ying Wu Xie could only make a detour.</p>
<p>After moving for a long distance, the heavenly chasm remained in front of them, it was like a</p>
<p>huge wall that blocked their every path.</p>
<p>Suddenly, a sound was transmitted into Ying Wu Xie and Fairy Zi Wei’s ears.</p>
<p>Initially, they did not mind it, they thought that it was a normal wind sound.</p>
<p>But soon, it got louder and more delightful.</p>
<p>When the two immortals were attracted by the sound, their actions unconsciously slowed down.</p>
<p>After more than ten breaths of time, the entire soul beast army had stopped in the air, they were</p>
<p>completely entranced by the beautiful sound.</p>
<p>This sound did not contain any instrumental component, it purely composed of wind, rain,</p>
<p>thunder, bird chirping sounds and so on. However, the outcome was a beautiful melody that</p>
<p>made Fairy Zi Wei and Ying Wu Xie addicted to it.</p>
<p>“Oh no, this is the heavenly melody!” Fairy Zi Wei was internally shaken, she wanted to warn</p>
<p>Ying Wu Xie but she only gasped out loud, her body completely relaxed as she fell into deep</p>
<p>entrancement.</p>
<p>Ying Wu Xie had lower cultivation level than her, he was much more immersed in it, he was</p>
<p>already showing an expression of indulgence, he could not save himself.</p>
<p>Fairy Zi Wei’s heart was sinking.</p>
<p>She knew that this was a truly desperate situation.</p>
<p>If this went on, she and Ying Wu Xie, along with the soul beasts, would be completely immersed</p>
<p>in the heavenly melody, they would eventually lose their senses and become floating corpses.</p>
<p>Fairy Zi Wei wanted to save herself but after several attempts, she could not even activate any</p>
<p>Gu worm, not to mention killer moves.</p>
<p>If she had reacted in time and did her best to stop it, there might be a chance of survival.</p>
<p>But she had been listening to the heavenly melody for too long, she was like a human struggling</p>
<p>after falling into the water, her strength was depleting as she drank more and more water.</p>
<p>“Am I... going to die here?” Fairy Zi Wei felt her eyelids getting heavier, her vision was turning</p>
<p>blur, she could not help but feel like shutting her eyes and enjoying the beautiful melody with her</p>
<p>full attention.</p>
<p>This might be the most enjoyable way to die.</p>
<p>As Fairy Zi Wei approached death, her mind was filled with indulgent and wonderful emotions.</p>
<p>If she died, she would not feel any sadness, despair, pain, or other negative emotions.</p>
<p>But right when Fairy Zi Wei and Ying Wu Xie were about to die, the heavenly melody started</p>
<p>weakening.</p>
<p>A Gu Immortal was flying closer to them from afar.</p>
<p>He wore a red and white robe, standing straight like a spear or sword. His eyebrows were sharp</p>
<p>like swords, a mysterious and profound light was hidden in his eyes.</p>
<p>He revealed a faint smile from the corner of his lips, he gave off the aura of gentleness and</p>
<p>confidence.</p>
<p>It was the current rank eight sound path great expert — Feng Jiu Ge!</p>
<p>“What a beautiful heavenly melody.” Feng Jiu Ge laughed brightly as he looked at the soul beast</p>
<p>army and the two incapacitated immortals, Fairy Zi Wei and Ying Wu Xie.</p>
<p>The heavenly melody that almost killed the two Shadow Sect members did not manage to affect</p>
<p>Feng Jiu Ge, in fact, he used a mysterious method to contain and collect it.</p>
<p>“Feng Jiu Ge?!” As Fairy Zi Wei slowly recovered, she looked at the Gu Immortal in front of her</p>
<p>with shock.</p>
<p>Ever since the fate war, Feng Jiu Ge went missing without a trace. Had he been in the two</p>
<p>heavens all along?</p>
<p>Since he was able to take the rank nine immortal material heavenly melody, did this mean that</p>
<p>his strength had grown again? Did he retain his pseudo venerable battle strength?</p>
<p>It was a mystery.</p>
<p>As Feng Jiu Ge collected and stored the heavenly melody, he activated a killer move.</p>
<p>Two lumps of profound light shot into Fairy Zi Wei and Ying Wu Xie, wrapping around them and</p>
<p>slowly entering their bodies.</p>
<p>Because of the heavenly melody, Fairy Zi Wei still could not move, Feng Jiu Ge was free to do</p>
<p>this without resistance.</p>
<p>“What... what killer move is this? What are you trying to do?” Fairy Zi Wei slowly regained her</p>
<p>ability to speak.</p>
<p>Feng Jiu Ge replied: ”Don’t worry, I’m not seeking to harm you. After the fate war, haven’t our</p>
<p>circumstances become quite similar now?”</p>
<p>Feng Jiu Ge said this as he turned to leave.</p>
<p>Fairy Zi Wei could not catch up, she watched as he flew away casually.</p>
<p>“What, what happened?” Ying Wu Xie recovered and watched Feng Jiu Ge’s figure fly far away</p>
<p>in the sky.</p>
<p>“We were hit by the heavenly melody and fell into grave danger. But Feng Jiu Ge suddenly</p>
<p>appeared and collected the heavenly melody, he also used a mysterious method on us.” Fairy Zi</p>
<p>Wei explained the situation quickly.</p>
<p>Ying Wu Xie stared with wide eyes: ”What... Feng Jiu Ge didn’t kill us?”</p>
<p>“He is also a demonic path member, he has betrayed Heavenly Court, what is the point of killing</p>
<p>us?” Fairy Zi Wei sighed: ”If he wanted us to die, he could have waited by the side, he would</p>
<p>gain our corpses, immortal apertures, and Immortal Gu. His motive was to get the heavenly</p>
<p>melody, other than that, he also wanted to use that move on us.”</p>
<p>The two used their methods and inspected their bodies, but could not find anything strange or</p>
<p>peculiar.</p>
<p>It was as if Feng Jiu Ge’s killer move was just an illusion that had not actually been used.</p>
<p>“Regardless of whether he has pseudo venerable battle strength, his methods are becoming</p>
<p>more profound!” Fairy Zi Wei sighed.</p>
<p>“What killer move is this?” Ying Wu Xie frowned: ”Is he trying to use us as bait to harm the main</p>
<p>body?”</p>
<p>Fairy Zi Wei shook her head: ”We have too few clues, but according to my intuition, Feng Jiu Ge</p>
<p>does not seem interested in Master Spectral Soul. Also, even if your guess is correct, are we</p>
<p>going to stop here?”</p>
<p>Ying Wu Xie considered it and gritted his teeth while nodding: ”Of course we have to continue</p>
<p>moving. Even if Feng Jiu Ge wants to harm the main body, he is only rank eight, how can he</p>
<p>harm my main body?”</p>
<p>The two immortals set off again.</p>
<p>Because of the heavenly melody, half of the beast group was wiped out.</p>
<p>Since they were near the heavenly chasm, the army could not be replenished.</p>
<p>This time, to guard against the heavenly melody, the soul beasts were widely spread out, they</p>
<p>were far from each other.</p>
<p>“The main body, I can sense the main body!” Not long after, Ying Wu Xie suddenly shouted.</p>
<p>Following his sensation, the two immortals changed directions and saw Spectral Soul Demon</p>
<p>Venerable after a few minutes.</p>
<p>“So the main body was on the other side of the heavenly chasm, but because of this rank nine</p>
<p>immortal material’s interference, I thought that he was far away!” Ying Wu Xie suddenly realized.</p>
<p>He shouted: ”I am here!”</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable saw Ying Wu Xie and immediately roared.</p>
<p>Boom boom boom!</p>
<p>With a chain of sounds, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable landed several hundred fists on the</p>
<p>heavenly chasm.</p>
<p>The heavenly chasm shook intensely, it was on the brink of breaking.</p>
<p>Ying Wu Xie and Fairy Zi Wei turned pale, why did Spectral Soul Demon Venerable turn so</p>
<p>ferocious after seeing Ying Wu Xie? It was as if they were mortal enemies.</p>
<p>What in the world was going on?</p>
    </body>
</html>