<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2275: Another Declaration From Fang Yuan!</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2275: Another Declaration From Fang Yuan!</h1>
        <p>“To think that Heavenly Court will arrange us to be here.”</p>
<p>“Hmph, where else do you want to be? Inside Heavenly Court?”</p>
<p>“Everyone, it is too late to turn back now. Now that we have joined Heavenly Court, we have no alternative but to obey them. Having internal strife now is very stupid.”</p>
<p>The leaders of the various grotto-heavens like Old Immortal Hua Yu, Liang Jing Jing, and Granny Skeleton gathered together.</p>
<p>Some of their expressions were quite unsightly.</p>
<p>After joining Heavenly Court, even though their grotto-heavens had devoured immemorial nine heavens fragments before, Heavenly Court still had an effective immortal aperture relocation method to use.</p>
<p>But these grotto-heavens suffered immense losses after a forceful relocation.</p>
<p>Furthermore, most of them were now gathered in the two heavens above Central Continent. According to Heavenly Court, their grotto-heavens were arranged in accordance with the star array calculation formation below, they were all treated as formation cores!</p>
<p>“Everyone, have you been well?” Qin Ding Ling smiled and flew towards them.</p>
<p>The Grotto Lords were all expressionless, most of them were even snorting coldly, in the end, Old Immortal Hua Yu and Liang Jing Jing were the ones to greet her.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling understood the reason behind the emotions of these rank eight Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>After these people joined Heavenly Court, not only did their grotto-heavens suffer great losses, they were even used by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable as the cores of her star array calculation formation.</p>
<p>This meant that if the three venerables fought in the future, when they try to break into the formation, these grotto-heavens would be at the forefront to deal with such attacks, they could become sacrificial pieces if they were careless.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling smiled as she spoke to Old Immortal Hua Yu and Liang Jing Jing, afterwards, her tone turned cold as she chided the rest: ”We’ve already explained it to you. Heavenly Court’s righteousness comes at a price, if not for the fact that we removed your grotto-heavens from the heaven vein nodes, will your homelands still exist now?”</p>
<p>The other immortals’ expressions changed.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling had not shown such an attitude when she went to recruit them back then.</p>
<p>But now that she showed her true colors, the Grotto Lords had no choice but to endure it.</p>
<p>As subordinates, they had no choice but to give in now!</p>
<p>Especially for the first batch of Gu Immortals like Granny Skeleton, their grotto-heavens were situated in immemorial black heaven, they were forced by the circumstances to join Heavenly Court like Old Immortal Hua Yu and the rest.</p>
<p>Right now, it seemed that the other variant human grotto-heavens were still left in the immemorial two heavens, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable only destroyed the grotto-heavens in white heaven, he did not do anything to those in black heaven.</p>
<p>Granny Skeleton and others felt very regretful, but at this point, what could they do?</p>
<p>After scolding these Grotto Lords, Qin Ding Ling saw that their expressions became more respectful, she snorted coldly: ”It seems that you’ve already woken up, now, come with me to meet Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was not in Heavenly Court now.</p>
<p>She refined Heavenly Court’s wisdom path dao marks and activated wisdom path methods to conceal the derivation formation, afterwards, she left to refine the natural wisdom path dao marks of Central Continent.</p>
<p>But because of a shortage of immortal essence, and because her immortal aperture could not produce enough essence to keep up with the expenditure, she helped the Central Continent immortals with the arrangement of the star array calculation formation while resting.</p>
<p>Under the lead of Qin Ding Ling, the two heavens’ Grotto Lords met with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable in the sky above Central Continent.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was currently inside Embroidered Tower, she used dao embroidery personally to weave wisdom path and star path dao marks in the surrounding ten thousand li, creating a beautiful work of art.</p>
<p>After the fate war, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s method was obtained by Fang Yuan. After Star Constellation Immortal Venerable revived, she quickly modified and changed Embroidered Tower.</p>
<p>Right now, not only was Embroidered Tower complete, it also became more profound and powerful.</p>
<p>After personally seeing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s incredible method, the Grotto Lords were deeply shaken, they paid their respects.</p>
<p>Seeing them kneel in midair, the Gu Immortals of Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects who were setting up the formation became very enthusiastic and motivated.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable gave them a light gaze, she sensed their complex emotions, there was unease among most of them, some also felt angry and indignant about their predicament.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable consoled them expressionlessly: ”Friends, you are all humans, having been freed from the demonic grasp of Eastern Sea, it is a great victory for humanity. Ever since ancient times, Heavenly Court has been the sacred land of humanity, it is the greatest homeland of everyone. No matter what your ancestors did that caused them to hide in the immemorial two heavens, Heavenly Court will not hold you accountable, let the past remain in the past.”</p>
<p>“Don’t worry, Heavenly Court treats everyone equally, whoever makes contributions will be fairly rewarded by Heavenly Court. In the future, your glory of having joined Heavenly Court will also be passed on to your descendants.”</p>
<p>Old Immortal Hua Yu and the rest were still kneeling, after hearing her words, they expressed their gratitude and praised Heavenly Court’s righteousness, they declared their loyalty and confidence in Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Eastern Sea.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan looked at the rank nine Immortal Gu recipe of heavenly secret Gu as he let out a breath of turbid air.</p>
<p>This Immortal Gu recipe was very different from before.</p>
<p>Originally, the rank nine Immortal Gu recipe of Heavenly Secret came from the truthful floating ice, it was part of Limitless Demon Venerable’s foundation, he had obtained it from digesting the chaos outside the world.</p>
<p>That was to say, within the Heavenly Dao of this Gu world, there was no rank nine heavenly secret Gu.</p>
<p>In order to pursue eternal life, Limitless Demon Venerable digested the chaos and gained many results that surpassed the current Heavenly Dao. Rank nine heavenly secret Immortal Gu was one of his gains.</p>
<p>This was a great achievement indeed, but there was still room for improvement.</p>
<p>After all, Limitless Demon Venerable died long ago, even though he revived earlier, he was not a refinement path venerable.</p>
<p>In terms of refinement path, Fang Yuan was the number one person throughout history, none of the venerables could match him.</p>
<p>Thus, using his own refinement path attainment, Fang Yuan modified this Immortal Gu recipe to a higher level, it was truly exemplary beyond the limit of the world!</p>
<p>Right now, Fang Yuan had a clear understanding of Heavenly Secret.</p>
<p>This was in essence a heaven path Gu worm, but Fang Yuan had once thought it was wisdom path.</p>
<p>This Immortal Gu was created by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, at that time, he already possessed heaven path attainment.</p>
<p>Afterwards, heavenly secret Immortal Gu was refined by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s split soul, Old Man Yan Shi, it was destroyed on Yi Tian Mountain.</p>
<p>Now, heavenly secret Immortal Gu was refined and owned by Fang Yuan, he had refined it using the refinement path killer move heavenly light ring.</p>
<p>By activating heavenly secret Immortal Gu, one could peek into the intention of heaven’s will, it could allow the Gu Immortal to get an answer from heaven and earth. There were no events in the world that heaven and earth did not know of. It was as the saying goes, except you and me, only heaven and earth know. It could expose the secrets of heaven and earth, even if the Gu Immortal did not have any evidences or clues, it could directly lead them to the truth.</p>
<p>But Heavenly Secret had a weakness when using it.</p>
<p>Out of ten activations, at least eight would fail. Once the activation fails, the user would suffer a backlash of ten to seventy years of lifespan.</p>
<p>This weakness was actually created because people did not understand the true essence of heavenly secret Gu.</p>
<p>Heavenly secret Gu was a heaven path Immortal Gu, a heaven path cultivator needed enough heaven path dao marks to be able to activate it normally.</p>
<p>When activating heavenly secret Gu, not only was immortal essence needed, one also had to expend heaven path immortal materials.</p>
<p>This was like Fang Yuan’s obscured heavenly secret.</p>
<p>Without using heaven path immortal materials, heavenly secret Gu could still be activated successfully, but the price was that the amount of heaven path immortal materials needed for the next activation would be much higher.</p>
<p>This was why backlashes occurred that took the Gu cultivator’s lifespan.</p>
<p>Lifespan Gu was a heaven path Gu worm, the lifespan of Gu cultivators were actually heaven path dao marks.</p>
<p>Looking back at it, Old Man Yan Shi did not truly understand heavenly secret Gu.</p>
<p>But this was a normal thing, paths developed over time, the essence of Gu worms was also explored and understood when using them.</p>
<p>Understanding something required a process that took time.</p>
<p>“With this Immortal Gu recipe, I can now advance my heavenly secret Gu.”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan did not lack heaven path immortal materials.</p>
<p>This was due to the unprecedented appearance of abundant heaven path immortal materials when the two heavens fused together.</p>
<p>Shen Shang, who was in charge of collecting heaven path immortal materials, worked very hard.</p>
<p>Earlier, because Fang Yuan wanted his human path cultivation gains but he only gave a portion of it, he felt very uneasy. For the sake of his clan and himself, he had to work very hard as compensation.</p>
<p>“As long as I refine rank nine heavenly secret Gu, the power of obscured heavenly secret will rise sharply, the two venerables will continue to be deceived.”</p>
<p>“But before that, I need to make another declaration.”</p>
<p>Almost all the human grotto-heavens in the two heavens had joined Heavenly Court, while the variant human grotto-heavens that remained in immemorial white heaven were wiped out by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>Regarding this, Fang Yuan had to express himself.</p>
<p>“Fellow cultivators from the five regions and two heavens, I am Great Love Immortal Venerable!”</p>
<p>“Firstly, I want to give my blessings to the human immortals who joined Heavenly Court. Rest assured, I will not pursue the matter. How can I, Great Love Immortal Venerable, do something so petty?”</p>
<p>“Regarding the destruction of the grotto-heavens in immemorial white heaven, I am deeply sorry.”</p>
<p>“Not long ago, I was hit by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s scheme and could not go to deal with Spectral Soul Demon Venerable personally.”</p>
<p>“I have already sent my people to arrange for the retreat of grotto-heavens.”</p>
<p>“No matter what, I believe firmly that this world needs love and peace, war is something that harms all of us. Be it humans or variant humans, or even all life in the world. Why can’t we all live in peace?”</p>
<p>“Because of my beliefs, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable entrusted his inheritance to me. With such an aspiration, the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance was established.”</p>
<p>“It is not a super force meant for world domination, it is the homeland of everyone, it is an attempt at peace for everyone in this world.”</p>
<p>“Because of the actions of the two heavens’ grotto-heavens, I reflected upon myself.”</p>
<p>“I know that I was wrong, I was too restricted by traditions and the mindset passed down in history.”</p>
<p>“Thus, I have decided!”</p>
<p>“From today onwards, the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance is open to everyone, I will abolish all restrictive agreements, everyone is free to join and leave at any time. I, Great Love Immortal Venerable, make this declaration here and now to heaven and earth, I will not pursue the matter if you leave.”</p>
<p>“Even if you do not join the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, I will still refine Gu for you, transactions will be done fairly.”</p>
<p>“Members who join my Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance will receive a twenty percent discount for Gu refinement requests!”</p>
<p>“That’s right, twenty percent, a full twenty percent discount, you heard it from me personally!”</p>
<p>“As for how to join the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance?”</p>
<p>“Very simple.”</p>
<p>“You just need to pay a membership fee.”</p>
<p>“In fact, even the fee that you pay will be converted into contribution points in the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, in the future when you request to refine Gu, you can use these contribution points in place of Gu refinement materials!”</p>
<p>“Oh Liang Jing Jing, I did not take your light heaven out of greed. I have already converted it into contribution points for you.”</p>
<p>“To the human Gu Immortals who have decided to join Heavenly Court instead, I wish you well, you are welcome to join the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance anytime you want.”</p>
<p>“I will not mind your status at all.”</p>
<p>“Remember, the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance promotes freedom, fairness, and peace!”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable: ”...”</p>
<p>The two heaven’s human Gu Immortals: ”...”</p>
<p>Treasure yellow heaven: ”...”</p>
    </body>
</html>