<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2276: Star Constellation, Come Join My Alliance</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2276: Star Constellation, Come Join My Alliance</h1>
        <p>In the sky above Central Continent, the boundless star array calculation formation could be seen in its initial form.</p>
<p>A large number of Central Continent Gu Immortals were moving around rapidly.</p>
<p>“Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance...” Xiao Suan Zi set up the formation while muttering to himself, thinking hard about the situation.</p>
<p>“Sister Bai Qing, do you think we can join the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance?” Not far away, Rainbow Butterfly Immortal Concubine Han Cai Xin transmitted and asked.</p>
<p>Fairy Bai Qing wore a white gown with a green belt around the waist, she smiled plainly upon hearing this: ”Cai Xin, are you interested?”</p>
<p>“How can I not be? A total of twenty percent discount with no restrictions on entering or leaving the alliance, this is such a huge bargain. If I am not from Spirit Butterfly Valley, I will have joined already. Sister, aren’t you moved?” Han Cai Xin asked.</p>
<p>Han Cai Xin had colorful butterflies flying around her as she placed many Gu worms at their designated locations.</p>
<p>Fairy Bai Qing pondered to herself.</p>
<p>Although she was a Gu Immortal of Spirit Affinity House, she had a close relationship with Han Cai Xin, they called each other sisters in private.</p>
<p>She knew the intention behind Han Cai Xin’s question, it was because Fairy Bai Qing’s daughter was Feng Jin Huang, she was close to Heavenly Court as a result.</p>
<p>But Fairy Bai Qing shook her head: ”I can’t be certain about this, maybe we can ask Friend He Feng Yang.”</p>
<p>In the past, Fairy Bai Qing might state her own opinion, but after Fairy Zi Wei and Feng Jiu Ge’s betrayal, Fairy Bai Qing started to act with caution.</p>
<p>“Little Nine, get to work. After arranging this star path Immortal Gu, we will retreat immediately.” Far away, He Feng Yang secretly transmitted to the nine palace crane.</p>
<p>He had had enough!</p>
<p>After Fang Yuan’s second declaration, everyone knew of the great advantage of joining the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, most importantly, they could leave at will and there were no restrictions at all.</p>
<p>He Feng Yang became the target of everyone’s inquiry as they assessed him closely.</p>
<p>He Feng Yang was instructed by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to openly hold an Immortal Gu transaction with Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Forget about what the Heavenly Court members thought of it, currently, the Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects’ Gu Immortals were all moved.</p>
<p>Who did not lack Immortal Gu?</p>
<p>Especially after the five regions became one and the regional walls vanished, qi tides swept the world while heaven veins and earth veins merged, all sorts of immortal materials appeared like a pouring foundation. Among them, earth path, qi tide, and heaven path were most abundant.</p>
<p>The Gu Immortals had a lot of immortal materials, the transactions in treasure yellow heaven also increased in frequency, but Gu Immortals still had few Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>Everyone was specialized in one field, if one was not a refinement path Gu Immortal, their success rate of refining Immortal Gu was just too low.</p>
<p>From ancient times until now, after three million years of human domination, the pain of Gu refinement had never been lifted, countless heroes and geniuses had sank into this bottomless pit of agony throughout their lives.</p>
<p>Only several refinement path great experts could achieve great success, but their radiance could not reach everyone.</p>
<p>Most Gu Immortals were disheartened by their Gu refinement attempts, but they still had to continue trying regardless.</p>
<p>It was a painful but helpless process.</p>
<p>Now, there was a refinement path venerable, he was not like any other Gu Immortal as well.</p>
<p>He was very special.</p>
<p>He created the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance and publicly held transactions in treasure yellow heaven to refine Immortal Gu for others!</p>
<p>This made all the Gu Immortals who were drowning in despair feel hopeful, this was a type of warmth that entered their hearts.</p>
<p>Most Gu Immortals were moved.</p>
<p>No matter how hypocritical Fang Yuan’s Great Love declaration was, the benefits were still presented before everyone.</p>
<p>But the status of the Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects became their restriction.</p>
<p>These Gu Immortals were mindful of Heavenly Court’s attitude.</p>
<p>Thus, they all looked towards He Feng Yang as an indicator.</p>
<p>He was the first person in Central Continent’s righteous path to make a transaction with Fang Yuan openly, rumors said that this was due to the orders of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!</p>
<p>He Feng Yang had received Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s orders, but how could he tell them?</p>
<p>Some things were allowed under the table, but they could not be spoken about. Once these things were exposed, the meaning would change.</p>
<p>Thus, He Feng Yang had to keep a tight lip.</p>
<p>But the more vague he spoke, the more others wanted to know.</p>
<p>For example, Vicious Lightning Fiend came to ask him personally.</p>
<p>Vicious Lightning Fiend had rank seven cultivation level and was a famous expert. Compared to him, He Feng Yang was just a tiny character, but now, because of his transaction with Fang Yuan, He Feng Yang became renowned in Central Continent, everyone paid attention to him.</p>
<p>Towards Vicious Lightning Fiend, He Feng Yang had to lower his head.</p>
<p>Although he spoke vaguely and hinted about the situation, Vicious Lightning Fiend wanted a definitive answer.</p>
<p>He Feng Yang faced immense pressure.</p>
<p>But right at this time, another Gu Immortal approached him.</p>
<p>It was Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei.</p>
<p>This expert had been rank seven for a long time, it was rumored that he was trying to reach rank eight now.</p>
<p>When Feng Jiu Ge was still part of Central Continent’s righteous path, Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei was merely below him.</p>
<p>“Brother He Feng Yang, tell me straightforwardly, can we or can we not do it?!” Shi Lei asked openly.</p>
<p>With this question, He Feng Yang’s pressure became even heavier.</p>
<p>Fairy Bai Qing and Rainbow Butterfly Immortal Concubine also asked him.</p>
<p>“Fairies, I don’t know either.” He Feng Yang was having a terrible headache.</p>
<p>“Brother He Feng Yang, try asking them.” Vicious Lightning Fiend said.</p>
<p>He Feng Yang was near the point of tears: ”Brother, please understand, I am just a helpless subordinate.”</p>
<p>Vicious Lightning Fiend chuckled: ”You’ve known Fang Yuan for a long time, your relationship is not normal, how can I not know that?”</p>
<p>He Feng Yang felt extremely grieved, he almost wanted to scream: ”I am really not close to this demon!”</p>
<p>He Feng Yang was still trying to find excuses to reply to Vicious Lightning Fiend without offending him when suddenly, Shi Lei directly suggested: ”I have a good idea, brother, join the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance now, I’m sure Star Constellation Immortal Venerable will not punish you.”</p>
<p>He Feng Yang’s eyes rolled white as he felt like he would rather pass out.</p>
<p>While He Feng Yang was in a tight spot, Liang Jing Jing was also facing a tough predicament.</p>
<p>Her divine sense had already entered treasure yellow heaven to communicate with Fang Yuan’s will.</p>
<p>After knowing that light heaven was converted into a large sum of contribution points in the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, she felt conflicted.</p>
<p>She felt terrible!</p>
<p>This was a huge sum of contribution points, it would hurt her too much to give up on them.</p>
<p>Liang Jing Jing still had two Gu Immortals with her, because Flickering Light grotto-heaven was destroyed, in this situation, she needed cultivation resources badly.</p>
<p>But Heavenly Court would not help her for no reason.</p>
<p>She had to make good use of every cultivation resource, starting all over again.</p>
<p>Thus, the contribution points from giving up light heaven became her greatest temptation.</p>
<p>Liang Jing Jing was not afraid that Fang Yuan would go back on his words.</p>
<p>After all, he had made a public declaration. If Liang Jing Jing decided to join the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance again, Fang Yuan would definitely assure her safety in order to show the world that he was serious.</p>
<p>Liang Jing Jing was afraid of Heavenly Court and the other Gu Immortals in the world.</p>
<p>She had just betrayed Fang Yuan to join Heavenly Court, if she joined the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance again at this time, how would Heavenly Court feel? How would the entire world feel about it?</p>
<p>At this moment, Liang Jing Jing could not deny that she was feeling regretful.</p>
<p>Of course, her hatred and anger towards Fang Yuan was still dominant and had not wavered.</p>
<p>Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan started to officially refine heavenly secret Gu!</p>
<p>This was his third rank nine Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan was very confident in this Gu refinement attempt compared to the previous two.</p>
<p>Because for this Gu refinement session, he had made the most extensive preparation possible.</p>
<p>While refining Gu, Fang Yuan considered the big picture.</p>
<p>Now that he reduced the criteria for joining the alliance, a huge commotion was caused, the influence would only become deeper later on.</p>
<p>“Lord Great Love Immortal Venerable, I am Shang Tao Fan, may I join the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance?” A Southern Border Gu Immortal contacted Fang Yuan’s will in treasure yellow heaven.</p>
<p>Actually, by now, many Gu Immortals had already contacted Fang Yuan’s will, but this was the first person that stated his intention to join.</p>
<p>“You can join after paying a membership fee.” Fang Yuan’s will replied plainly.</p>
<p>A single person’s membership fee and a super force’s membership fee was different.</p>
<p>Shang Tao Fan asked: ”Can I join secretly?”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s will nodded in agreement.</p>
<p>“Then I will join the alliance.” Shang Tao Fan replied immediately, he made arrangements with Fang Yuan’s will on where and when to transact the resource point.</p>
<p>Indeed, the membership fees for joining the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance were resource points.</p>
<p>“Shang Tao Fan is a peripheral member of Shang clan, but this time, he was sent by Shang clan as a representative to join my Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan instantly understood that this was Shang clan’s move.</p>
<p>The resource point that he requested for was beyond Shang Tao Fan’s personal capabilities. But during the talk, he agreed upon it immediately, it was evident that Shang clan was backing him in this.</p>
<p>“Although Shang clan does not have Wu clan’s resolve, they are capable of seeing the big picture regardless.”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan smiled.</p>
<p>This was just the start.</p>
<p>Soon, with Fang clan’s agitation and Wu clan’s lead, more and more super forces would try their luck.</p>
<p>These super forces would likely behave like Shang clan by first sending one member over to make use of the benefits of being a member of the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.</p>
<p>But this was all within Fang Yuan’s plan.</p>
<p>By giving them some benefits first, when these super forces are no longer to live without him, Fang Yuan would start to restrict the number of Immortal Gu each person could request to refine.</p>
<p>Afterwards, these super forces would send even more Gu Immortals to join him, they might even come to him as a whole!</p>
<p>Of course, Fang Yuan would not restrict them, if they wanted to leave the alliance, they could do so at any time!</p>
<p>While refining the Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan used information path methods to contact Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>“Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, have you been well?” Fang Yuan greeted with a warm attitude.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable quickly replied: ”I’ve been well, but some accusations came towards me from nowhere, Friend Great Love, do you have anything to tell me regarding this?”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan laughed heartily: ”To speak the truth, Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, I am here to lend you a hand. I’ve heard that you are undergoing a huge project recently to create a super immortal formation that covers the entire area of Central Continent.”</p>
<p>“To make such a huge formation, you will need many Immortal Gu. And I, Great Love Immortal Venerable, happen to be specialized in this aspect.”</p>
<p>“Why don’t you join my Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, you will enjoy a twenty percent discount, that will save you a huge sum.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable laughed.</p>
<p>She was laughing from anger.</p>
    </body>
</html>