<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2326: Giant Sun Retreats</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2326: Giant Sun Retreats</h1>
        <p>“Star Constellation, is the rumor in treasure yellow heaven true?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable fought against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable while contacting Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and questioning.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable replied casually: ”This is Fang Yuan’s scheme to waver your determination.”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable dodged Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s attack while probing: ”Right now, Fang Yuan is plundering Central Continent, why aren’t you stopping him? If you are willing to give up on Central Continent’s resources, why don’t you come and deal with Spectral Soul Demon Venerable alongside me? Aren’t you the one who wants to eradicate Spectral Soul the most?”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable gave an excuse: ”Since you are in a bind, I will come and help you after I heal myself.”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable heaved a long sigh: ”Star Constellation, you are truly good at scheming. I am impressed.”</p>
<p>He was a venerable, after seeing that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable hid inside Heavenly Court without any intention of coming out after capturing Qi Sea Ancestor, even giving up Central Continent’s resources and recalling the Gu Immortals of the ten great ancient sects, he guessed the truth.</p>
<p>What could make the grand Heavenly Court and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable make such a sacrifice?</p>
<p>The revival of a venerable!</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was silent, she did not respond.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had to retreat, he no longer fought against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable but transmitted to Fang Yuan instead: ”Fang Yuan, I can’t lure Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to come out. If Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable revives, it will be over. Sigh, thinking about it, there were signs alluding to this earlier.”</p>
<p>“Do you remember the battle in Crazed Demon Cave? Back then, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable cooperated with me to pressure you but she made a mistake and lost the opportunity. The reason was because you used Qi Sea Ancestor as a shield, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable held back.”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan snorted coldly, replying: ”Star Constellation Immortal Venerable is truly the number one wisdom path in the world throughout history! It is normal that my wisdom path attainment is inferior to her! But what is the point of saying that now? We need to ally now and attack Heavenly Court to have a chance of turning the situation around!”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did his best to withdraw, he only dodged Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s attacks as he pulled apart the distance between them while thinking to himself.</p>
<p>He frowned deeply and considered the situation rapidly.</p>
<p>It seemed that he was the biggest loser in the battle over the heaven path dream realms.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan obtained the heaven path dream realms and lost Qi Sea Ancestor, but he obtained a lot of resources plundered from Central Continent.</p>
<p>Although Star Constellation Immortal Venerable lost Central Continent’s resources, she obtained Qi Sea Ancestor, if she could revive Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable successfully, she would be the biggest winner. By then, even if all of Central Continent were to be slaughtered by Fang Yuan, they would still be the winner!</p>
<p>Another venerable would change the situation fundamentally. No matter how much manpower or resources Central Continent lost, it was only temporary.</p>
<p>They were completely different concepts.</p>
<p>Even a fool would know which choice was more important.</p>
<p>As long as Heavenly Court’s two venerables cooperated, they would easily suppress Fang Yuan, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, or Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>It would be basically impossible for Fang Yuan, Giant Sun, or Spectral Soul to refine natural dao marks. If Heavenly Court sent out both venerables to attack them, they would need to retreat, they could not undergo the process of natural dao mark refinement.</p>
<p>Conversely, as long as Heavenly Court sent out a venerable to stall them, the other person could refine natural dao marks using that time.</p>
<p>As time passes, Heavenly Court’s advantage would accumulate quicker, by the time they refine all the natural dao marks of the five regions, the other venerables would be cornered.</p>
<p>Of course, in this situation, Giant Sun, Fang Yuan, and Spectral Soul would have to work together.</p>
<p>But could their alliance match the cooperation of Heavenly Court’s venerables?</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was not sane now, the main cooperation would lie with Giant Sun and Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not trust either of them.</p>
<p>It would not work!</p>
<p>Be it their cooperation level or fundamental beliefs, such differences would be magnified in a battle of life and death.</p>
<p>Not only that, Heavenly Court even had a third venerable in history, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable!</p>
<p>If two other venerables were alive, the third venerable, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, would have a much easier time reviving.</p>
<p>“Thus, Heavenly Court has finally reached its most crucial turning point.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was clear about this fact.</p>
<p>This was like the backlash Fang Yuan faced from the venerables when he refined rank nine Gu earlier. If he survived it, he would experience a qualitative change and obtain the upper hand, in the future, no matter what he did, the difficulty would be much smaller.</p>
<p>The reason why the venerables were in a deadlock was because they had all just revived and were at the same starting point, or rather, their differences were minuscule.</p>
<p>But if another venerable from Heavenly Court revived, this balance would be broken, even if Giant Sun and Fang Yuan worked together, they could not match Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>“If we can’t stop Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, this will be the crucial moment where Heavenly Court regains its domination of the world and defeats the other venerables.”</p>
<p>Knowing this, after learning that Qi Sea was captured in Heavenly Court, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s standpoint changed completely.</p>
<p>He contacted Fang Yuan and created a plan to pretend that he was still fighting against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>“It is a pity that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has a clear grasp of the human heart, I can’t lure her to come outside!”</p>
<p>If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable were in Central Continent, there would still be hope. After all, her advantage in Central Continent was not as large as being physically in Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable hid inside and refused to come outside no matter what, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was helpless in this situation.</p>
<p>Truly, a top schemer could achieve victory without even participating in battle!</p>
<p>At the crucial moment, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not try to fight, she was unaffected by the burden of Heavenly Court’s reputation and other factors, bearing the huge pressure of sacrificing and giving up Central Continent’s people to make the right choice.</p>
<p>Luck inspection.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was indignant, he used his luck inspection method.</p>
<p>The results were disappointing.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court’s luck was above everyone else, it was still showing signs of rising. Be it Giant Sun, Fang Yuan, or Spectral Soul, they were all suppressed by Heavenly Court’s luck.</p>
<p>Other than that, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not see any huge variables that could influence the situation.</p>
<p>“Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, why are you still hesitating?!” Fang Yuan’s voice was transmitted again.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable sighed: ”Fang Yuan, we’ve lost, accept the fact. We will need to exert a lot of effort to enter Heavenly Court, even if we get in, we are unable to cooperate sincerely, how can we be Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s match? We won’t succeed even with Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!”</p>
<p>“Attacking rashly will cause us to fall into Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s trap, our strength will dwindle. In my opinion, we should preserve our strength for a future opportunity.”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan snorted coldly as he replied in displeasure: ”How can I accept this without even trying? Star Constellation Immortal Venerable is the number one wisdom path expert, she had such ease in plotting against us. If Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable revives, she will have an even easier time.”</p>
<p>“How can we deal with a wisdom path Gu Immortal? We need to exterminate them! We cannot give a wisdom path Gu Immortal any time to make arrangements. Our current situation is the best proof of this!”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable asked in response: ”Then in your opinion, what should we do now?”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan gritted his teeth: ”Plunder Central Continent and slaughter the people, I don’t believe that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable will let it happen! Even if she can, after Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable revives, he will only gain a barren region!”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable shook his head.</p>
<p>Such an act was too brutal and demonic, it did not suit his nature.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had his reservations.</p>
<p>If he did this, when Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable retaliate by slaughtering the Huang Jin tribes, what would he do?</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had another thought: ”Fang Yuan wants me to stand on the same side as him, if I participate in slaughtering the people of Central Continent, there will be no way of reconciling with Heavenly Court, my demonic path status will be permanent.”</p>
<p>Without any reconciliation, there would be no room for a truce.</p>
<p>The pressure of two venerables would weight on his shoulders. He was not like Fang Yuan, who was cold and unconcerned with his subordinates’ lives.</p>
<p>“I have Longevity Heaven as my base, even if all three venerables of Heavenly Court revive, I can still defend myself. This is my foundation for a negotiation!”</p>
<p>“But Fang Yuan is all alone, he has no such base.”</p>
<p>“This is a huge problem to him, thus, he wants me to join him.”</p>
<p>“If I do not participate in this, in the future, Heavenly Court will target Fang Yuan as their priority, I will have more time to cultivate. It is still not the time to go all-in now.”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable thought of this and rejected Fang Yuan’s proposal.</p>
<p>But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not want to offend Fang Yuan, he explained: ”I can’t bring myself to do such a thing like killing all the people. I’ll advise you not to do this personally, there’s a more suitable person. I’ll lure him to you now.”</p>
<p>“Coward!” Fang Yuan shouted: ”All you care about is useless reputation!”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not show any anger, he understood why Fang Yuan was feeling upset and angry after getting schemed against.</p>
<p>He lured Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to Fang Yuan, who landed in Central Continent in response.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was not like Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, he did not let Fang Yuan down. After leaving spectral heaven, he went into Central Continent and started his massacre.</p>
<p>This was within the expectations of Fang Yuan and Giant Sun.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s injuries were severe, but he could heal himself by slaughtering lifeforms and hunting soul beasts to increase his strength. He had done this in spectral heaven earlier, now, the situation was similar. Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had been paying attention to the two venerables’ actions.</p>
<p>After seeing that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was killing all the lifeforms in Central Continent, she sighed deeply. But after seeing that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable left Central Continent to return to Northern Plains, her eyes shone brightly as joy filled her heart.</p>
<p>The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals could not understand why.</p>
<p>Even if Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not want to invade Heavenly Court, he would at least ransack Central Continent for some resources, right?</p>
<p>But he left directly.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was clear of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s intention.</p>
<p>She spoke to Golden Hooped Great Immortal: ”Your effort back then has finally paid off. This is the best result for us.”</p>
<p>In the past, Golden Hooped Great Immortal had invited Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to tour Heavenly Court and wanted to recruit him to become their fourth Immortal King.</p>
<p>His plan failed and even allowed Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to leave a luck path method as a backdoor to Heavenly Court, causing them huge losses during the fate war.</p>
<p>But in fact, the truth was that Golden Hooped Great Immortal’s action had a certain impact on Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. In his heart, Heavenly Court had once tried to recruit him, they even tried to make him their leader. In that case, there was a possibility of negotiating with them to come to a peaceful truce.</p>
    </body>
</html>