<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2230: Star Constellation&apos;s Attack</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2230: Star Constellation&apos;s Attack</h1>
        
        <p>Eastern Sea.</p> 
<p>Deep within icy sea area.</p> 
<p>In the pitch black bottom of the sea, a huge ice mountain filled the vision of two Su clan Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>These two Su clan immortals had rank seven cultivation level, one was Su Chen, he was specialized in healing methods. The other was Su Ming Wan, he cultivated dark path.</p> 
<p>The two Gu Immortals were traveling within a rank seven Immortal Gu House.</p> 
<p>This Immortal Gu House was called Moving Frame Pavilion, it was a rarely seen strength path Immortal Gu House. The body of the house was like a pavilion, with eight big thick blue-gold pillars supporting the pavilion roof and pressing down on the pedestal. The blue-gold pillars were not straight, but bent with an obvious curvature, the two ends were inwardly curved and the middle section expanded outwardly.</p> 
<p>On the whole, the entire Moving Frame Pavilion looked like a huge bird cage with the two Su clan Gu Immortals inside it.</p> 
<p>The Moving Frame Pavilion emitted a layer of dark blue light, blocking the sea water that was outside it.</p> 
<p>Even so, a cold chill still permeated the place.</p> 
<p>After facing the icy mountain for some time, the eyebrows and hair of the Su clan Gu Immortals were covered in frost.</p> 
<p>"So cold."</p> 
<p>"This ice mountain is made from thousand year profound ice, Moving Frame Pavilion does not have enough defense against it, we need to act quickly!"</p> 
<p>Su clan's Gu Immortals conversed while activating Moving Frame Pavilion together, unleashing a strength path method.</p> 
<p>Instantly, there was a loud sound as a corner of the thousand year profound ice mountain was cracked by a formless force and floated towards the two Su clan immortals.</p> 
<p>After reaching a certain distance, Su Chen immediately took action to move this thousand year profound ice into his immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>Boom boom boom.</p> 
<p>Moving Frame Pavilion continued to exert strength as pieces of the thousand year profound ice mountain were moved into their immortal apertures gradually.</p> 
<p>But good times did not last long, the surrounding ice poison starfish were alarmed by them and quickly approached aggressively.</p> 
<p>Su clan's two immortals tensed up immediately.</p> 
<p>"I will lure them away, you should take as much as you can!" Su Chen immediately flew out of Moving Frame Pavilion.</p> 
<p>In this deep sea, even though he was a rank seven Gu Immortal, trying to lure away the ice poison starfish group was still a risky thing to do.</p> 
<p>Su Ming Wan who was left in Moving Frame Pavilion was not safe from danger either.</p> 
<p>Who knew what would happen next?</p> 
<p>It was not easy to retrieve the thousand year profound ice, even for a super force like Su clan which sent two rank seven Gu Immortals along with an Immortal Gu House that could rival rank eight Gu Immortals, it was still full of danger.</p> 
<p>But there was nothing else Su clan could do.</p> 
<p>As an Eastern Sea righteous path super force, after joining the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, they were extorted by Fang Yuan and had to contribute water path resources.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's requirement towards the water path resources was very high, he needed them to be usable as the water vein nodes.</p> 
<p>Naturally, Su clan did not lack such resource points, but they did not want to give up their personal wealth.</p> 
<p>Coincidentally, Su clan was situated close to icy sea area, deep within this sea area, there were abundant ice and snow immortal materials.</p> 
<p>Thus, they planned to collect the profound ice here and hand it to Fang Yuan to satisfy his request.</p> 
<p>"Quick, be quicker." Su Ming Wan raised his speed to the limit, but he still had insufficient thousand year profound ice.</p> 
<p>There was no helping it, without Su Chen, his efficiency plummeted.</p> 
<p>And worse was that a shark group in the sea got disturbed by them, they swam towards Moving Frame Pavilion.</p> 
<p>"Sigh, we have no choice but to retreat!" Su Ming Wan sighed deeply, feeling helpless inside.</p> 
<p>He had only found this underwater thousand year profound ice mountain after much trouble, but after this excavation, the environment would be greatly affected, causing a chain of reactions to occur.</p> 
<p>The stable ecology would instantly become chaotic, the beast groups here would start fighting against each other. Even if they did not fight, they would be wary against each other. If any commotion occurs, they would attack together, and more terrifying, a beast tide might occur.</p> 
<p>For the following period, trying to excavate thousand year profound ice here would have much greater risks!</p> 
<p>Su Ming Wan and Su Chen's best choice was to leave and find other suitable targets next.</p> 
<p>But right when Su Ming Wan was about to leave, there was a surging aura above the sea.</p> 
<p>Su Ming Wan's expression changed intensely.</p> 
<p>This aura was grand and imposing, it was mighty and unstoppable, all of the sharks that were swimming were intimidated, they escaped in panic.</p> 
<p>Su Ming Wan's expression was filled with shock: "This is a venerable's aura!"</p> 
<p>At the previous moment, he felt that a huge sun had flown above his head, across the sea area.</p> 
<p>"Giant Sun Immortal Venerable! He is attacking Eastern Sea?!" Su Ming Wan was flustered and panicked, he quickly informed Su Chen about this.</p> 
<p>Su Chen was not far away, he was also stunned at the moment.</p> 
<p>"Quick, tell first supreme elder about this! Giant Sun Immortal Venerable seems to be moving towards our Su clan." Su Chen could not help but shout in fear.</p> 
<p>"Are the two venerables' battle going to take place in our Su clan's territory?" Su Ming Wan was shocked by this guess, his face was as pale as white paper.</p> 
<p>However, contrary to their guesses, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not move straight ahead, his speed fell quickly as he stopped above icy sea area.</p> 
<p>Next, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's rank nine aura spread out in an unrestrained manner, showing his grand and domineering attitude.</p> 
<p>The entire sky rippled with golden light.</p> 
<p>The golden light spread rapidly to the sky and sea, expanding in all directions!</p> 
<p>Sensing the terrifying aura of the venerable, almost all the underwater lifeforms escaped in panic.</p> 
<p>Thanks to this, the two immortals' predicament was resolved.</p> 
<p>But they were not happy about it, instead, they started to guess: "What is Giant Sun Immortal Venerable trying to do?!"</p> 
<p>"Oh? Giant Sun stopped at icy sea area." In the immemorial two heavens, Fang Yuan quickly sensed this situation.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not conceal his traces at all, it was like he was trying to tell Fang Yuan openly — I have arrived!</p> 
<p>Immemorial two heavens.</p> 
<p>"So his plan is to stop above icy sea area after all." Fang Yuan had a calm expression.</p> 
<p>After the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable recovered to some extent, but his battle strength would not have risen by much.</p> 
<p>After leaving Longevity Heaven, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's dao marks would be far inferior than Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Thus, for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, even if he saw Fang Yuan's situation, attacking him abruptly would not have any benefits, only Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would gain from this.</p> 
<p>It was very wise that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable chose to enter Eastern Sea.</p> 
<p>He was currently refining Eastern Sea's natural luck path dao marks!</p> 
<p>Once he refines all of Eastern Sea's luck path dao marks, then Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would have a territorial advantage when fighting in Eastern Sea.</p> 
<p>Even if he was not in Eastern Sea, he could activate killer move from Northern Plains that would be effective in Eastern Sea.</p> 
<p>One could say that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was planting a tower in Fang Yuan's base camp. It could inspect Eastern Sea's situation during normal times, and in battle, the activation of luck path dao marks would allow him to launch attacks on the entire Eastern Sea!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan could not do much to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p> 
<p>He could not leave, unless he abandoned heaven form to return to Eastern Sea and face him.</p> 
<p>But in that case, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable only had to retreat and leave, while Fang Yuan would lose a rank nine killer move.</p> 
<p>If Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not retreat and fought against Fang Yuan in attrition, Fang Yuan's immortal essence reserves would dwindle further!</p> 
<p>In the event they fought, although Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would be at a disadvantage, he would not be killed so easily.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had expected this to happen.</p> 
<p>Long ago, when the heaven vein of the immemorial two heavens started to fuse, Fang Yuan had already deduced the crisis of heaven form.</p> 
<p>This problem occurred after the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, from Fang Yuan's perspective, this situation was already very good.</p> 
<p>The collapse of heaven form was a problem.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan needed to try to resolve it while using the chance to create an opportunity to refine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.</p> 
<p>He did not have enough immortal essence now, it was not time to advance the Gu, thus, he could also not expose obscured heavenly secret yet.</p> 
<p>When Giant Sun Immortal Venerable checked on Fang Yuan, he immediately retracted this move.</p> 
<p>For a person like Fang Yuan, his own weaknesses and flaws were things he could exploit to use against his enemies.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was already influenced by him, next, it was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's turn!</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's beautiful eyes looked at Eastern Sea.</p> 
<p>"Giant Sun Immortal Venerable..." She muttered.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable chose to stay in icy sea area, it was really an amazing choice on his part.</p> 
<p>Icy sea area was at the western-most part of Eastern Sea, it was closest to Central Continent. By refining the luck path dao marks of Eastern Sea, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was also trying to threaten Central Continent.</p> 
<p>"After sensing Fang Yuan's issue, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable made a move. But he did not fight against Fang Yuan, this shows that his battle strength has not risen much, and he is also guarding against me!" Thoughts collided rapidly in Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's mind.</p> 
<p>If there were only Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Heaven Refining Demon Venerable in existence, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would definitely fight his way to the immemorial two heavens now and attack Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>After all, he had abundant immortal essence, even though Fang Yuan had higher battle strength, he could not kill Giant Sun.</p> 
<p>A battle of attrition was very beneficial to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p> 
<p>After the battle, Fang Yuan's immortal essence reserves would shrink, he would not be able to utilize his advantage as a refinement path venerable, even rank nine killer move heaven form would be affected and might get destroyed.</p> 
<p>But with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable around, the situation was different.</p> 
<p>If Giant Sun Immortal Venerable pitted himself against Fang Yuan, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would benefit the most. From this point, it could be seen that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was helping Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"Heaven form..." Star Constellation Immortal Venerable squinted slightly.</p> 
<p>This rank nine killer move could not be allowed to exist!</p> 
<p>During the fate war, this was the killer move that allowed Fang Yuan to break into Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>As long as heaven form existed, Fang Yuan could break into any grotto-heaven in the immemorial two heavens. This was a huge threat to both Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven.</p> 
<p>After thinking about it, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable came up with a plan.</p> 
<p>At the next moment, she connected to treasure yellow heaven and contacted Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"Great Love Immortal Venerable, I want your help in refining some Immortal Gu, what do you think?" Star Constellation Immortal Venerable said while smiling.</p> 
<p>In the immemorial two heavens, Fang Yuan's gaze flickered slightly.</p> 
<p>He had also expected Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to find him.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan understood the intention of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, he said: "What Immortal Gu do you want? Also, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, how will you deal with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable?"</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable replied immediately: "I need star thought Immortal Gu, star eyes Immortal Gu, and permanence Immortal Gu."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was silent for a while before replying: "Sure, but I need to see your sincerity first."</p> 
<p>"Okay, here is my sincerity!" Before Star Constellation Immortal Venerable finished her words, she turned into a star rainbow that flew straight for Northern Plains.</p>
    </body>
</html>
