<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2035: Qing Clan&apos;s Revenge</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2035: Qing Clan&apos;s Revenge</h1>
        
        <p>Rough winds howled in the desert, while the oasis carried a warm breeze.</p> 
<p>Sandstones piled into a mountain as hot steam rose. There was a calm lake beneath the sandstones, green trees were growing as their leaves rustled under the evening wind, creating the scene of a paradise in Western Desert.</p> 
<p>Western Desert's Qing clan's base was situated at this oasis that was called the 'Qing oasis'.</p> 
<p>Qing clan's Gu Immortals were all gathered in a hall. On the icy cold floor of the hall, there were several fragments of Gu worms, all of the Qing clan Gu Immortals were fixing their gazes on these fragments.</p> 
<p>"Qing Heng's life tablet Gu shattered?!"</p> 
<p>"What is happening?"</p> 
<p>"Qing Heng died, he had left to hunt the Southern Border Gu Immortal Ming You. Did he really die at Ming You's hands?"</p> 
<p>Qing Heng was a rank seven expert of Qing clan, even though he was sent by the clan to kill Ming You, the clan was very confident in him. Recently for some reason, news that Qing clan obtained Divine Bean Palace had spread, all the other super forces were probing them. With Qing Heng's death, Qing clan became suspicious about the truth, was this a test by the Western Desert forces?</p> 
<p>"Report—! We have accurate information, Ming You was the one who killed Qing Heng, he has great strength and acts ruthlessly."</p> 
<p>Qing clan flew into a rage.</p> 
<p>"This Gu Immortal from another region has gone too far!"</p> 
<p>"We need to kill this Ming You, we will grind his bones to dust, we will show the other Western Desert super forces the consequences of offending our Qing clan!"</p> 
<p>"Before killing him, we should capture this Ming You and invite the other Western Desert Gu Immortals to watch. Only by pulling out his tendons and ripping his skin in public, to humiliate and torture him to death, can I feel satisfied from this revenge."</p> 
<p>"Kill!"</p> 
<p>"Kill him!"</p> 
<p>"He is merely a Gu Immortal from another region, he came to Western Desert alone, he actually dared to kill our Gu Immortal, he truly has no fear of heaven and earth."</p> 
<p>"Even though Ming You was able to kill Qing Heng, he only has rank seven cultivation level, if first supreme elder takes action, it would be too excessive, rumors would also spread that our Qing clan is bullying the weak. In my opinion, we should send out Qing Jing and Qing Hua Lan."</p> 
<p>"No, to play safe, we should send Qing Chen as well. With three immortals, they will definitely be able to capture that Ming You alive!"</p> 
<p>"Let him experience regret and pain."</p> 
<p>"Hurry! Don't let that scoundrel escape."</p> 
<p>"Kill Ming You, display the might of Qing clan!"</p> 
<p>"Ming You must die, when our clan refines Divine Bean Palace in the future, our Qing clan will stand at the top of Western Desert's Gu Immortal world!!"</p> 
<p>...</p> 
<p>These sentences echoed in Qing Chou's ears, the scenes of the past flashed in Qing Chou's mind.</p> 
<p>Different from its usual fragmented memories, this time, its memory was very clear and complete. At the same time, the hatred in its heart surged in a tsunami, rampaging in Qing Chou's entire body and mind.</p> 
<p>Hatred!</p> 
<p>Deep hatred!</p> 
<p>Feeling increasingly intense hatred, Qing Chou opened its eyes.</p> 
<p>Time flew by quickly, countless years had passed since then.</p> 
<p>Qing Chou's eyes were bloodshot.</p> 
<p>It found that it was still lying on the ground, recalling that when fighting Spectral Soul earlier, it was sent flying to the ground, crashing and falling unconscious.</p> 
<p>"Roar!"</p> 
<p>Qing Chou roared as it stood up within the deep pit.</p> 
<p>The rank nine aura of hatred Gu became even denser, the power of hatred surged throughout Qing Chou's body.</p> 
<p>"Ming You, Ming You!"</p> 
<p>"Spectral Soul, Spectral Soul!"</p> 
<p>Qing Chou roared towards the sky, its eyes were covered in rage, its hair was disheveled, even though Spectral Soul had already gone after Dragon Palace, the power of hatred Gu allowed Qing Chou to locate Spectral Soul easily without a problem.</p> 
<p>Rumble!</p> 
<p>Qing Chou had a mountain-like tortoise shell, tiger claws and dragon tail, as well as a snake neck and human head, it flew up rapidly as winds surrounded it, charging towards the direction of Spectral Soul. As for Fairy Zi Wei and the rest who were creating a formation in the sky, it ignored them.</p> 
<p>Among these Gu Immortals in the sky, there was one elderly Gu Immortal, he had wide sleeves and fluttering white hair, he was Fang Yuan's clone, Qi Sea Ancestor.</p> 
<p>Seeing that Qing Chou was flying away, Qi Sea Ancestor let out a breath of air, no longer worried.</p> 
<p>Earlier in Western Desert, even though Fang Yuan used familiar face to transform, he was still chased by Qing Chou.</p> 
<p>Qing Chou possessed hatred Gu, because of the influence of karma divine tree, it had an intense connection to Spectral Soul and everyone related to him.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's main body could not deceive Qing Chou while Qi Sea Ancestor was Fang Yuan's clone, he would definitely be sensed by Qing Chou as well.</p> 
<p>But now, Spectral Soul and Fang Yuan were enemies, they wanted each other to die, thus, because of their changed relationship, Qing Chou no longer went after him.</p> 
<p>"Even though Qing Chou's threat is gone, Fairy Zi Wei is still a big problem." Qi Sea Ancestor cast his gaze at Fairy Zi Wei.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei wore a purple-gold dress, she had a graceful figure with hair that extended to her waist. She moved mysteriously as she flew in the sky, her fingers fluttering like butterflies in the sky, countless Gu worms were sent out and used together, in the sky, an amazing wisdom path immortal formation was already taking shape, one could see its form already.</p> 
<p>Old Man Zheng Yuan assisted at the side.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling, Che Wei, and the other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals looked at Fairy Zi Wei, they had complex emotions, there was hatred, anger, pity, and sadness.</p> 
<p>There was a round altar that was almost in contact with the wisdom path formation, floating in the sky. It had white jade railings and shining aurora, this was rank eight Immortal Gu House Calamity Luck Altar.</p> 
<p>Calamity Luck Altar was controlled by Bing Sai Chuan, he had a sharp gaze as he looked at Heavenly Court's Gu Immortals and Qi Sea Ancestor, not daring to relax his mind.</p> 
<p>Calamity Luck Altar protected Fairy Zi Wei and the rest, as well as the wisdom path formation.</p> 
<p>Longevity Heaven, who represented Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, had already cooperated with Spectral Soul's Shadow Sect long ago.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan has the potential to become a venerable, we cannot let him do as he pleases. If such a person becomes a venerable, it will not benefit any of us." Bing Sai Chuan transmitted, he tried to convince Qi Sea Ancestor, Qin Ding Ling, and the rest, not knowing that Fang Yuan's clone was right here.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling only listened to him, she did not reply.</p> 
<p>The winds howled around her, causing her cape to flutter, she wore a tight golden armor and was tall and grand, she had a valiant demeanor.</p> 
<p>She stared at the wisdom path formation at times, looking at the dream realms occasionally.</p> 
<p>This dream realm was left behind by Fang Yuan. He had originally tried to use the dream realms to stop his enemies, but Spectral Soul plotted against him instead. Fang Yuan had to escape from this battlefield, this dream realm was left behind, shining and moving on its own continuously.</p> 
<p>"Where is Fang Yuan now? I only saw that Dragon Palace and Myriad Year Flying Warship flew out of the dream realm and escaped the battlefield. There is a third possibility, he is still hiding in this dream realm!" Qin Ding Ling thought to herself.</p> 
<p>Precisely because of this reason, she stayed behind to guard this dream realm.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was too crafty, even though staying in the dream realm seemed stupid, there was a chance that Fang Yuan might do this purposely.</p> 
<p>Seeing that the wisdom path formation was completing, Qi Sea Ancestor felt increasing pressure.</p> 
<p>"I can't wait anymore!" Thoughts collided in Qi Sea Ancestor's mind, he thought: "Looking at Fairy Zi Wei's attitude, with Bai Ning Bing and Ying Wu Xie at the lead, this formation might likely deduce the main body's location. The main body does not have much foundation in information path, otherwise, if we could break our connection with Bai Ning Bing and Hei Lou Lan, even three of Fairy Zi Wei combined would not be able to do anything."</p> 
<p>"Fairy Zi Wei and the rest have great strength, with Calamity Luck Altar's defense and Bing Sai Chuan's wariness towards Heavenly Court, if I attack now, I will not be able to destroy the formation, Heavenly Court would instead get suspicious of me."</p> 
<p>The Qi Sea clone was powerful, but he could not turn this situation around alone and suppress everyone, the key person now was still Qin Ding Ling!</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor listened to Bing Sai Chuan's words while asking Qin Ding Ling in secret: "Looking at this situation, Shadow Sect and Longevity Heaven think highly of this formation. But can we trust them? Regardless of whether Fairy Zi Wei can deduce a result successfully, the formation is still under her control. If she tells us a location, how do we ensure that it is right? Will Fairy Zi Wei hide anything from us?"</p> 
<p>The Qi Sea clone started to sow discord, he could not let Bing Sai Chuan ally with the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals too. Otherwise, the main body would face the pressure of Shadow Sect, Longevity Heaven, and Heavenly Court, it would be too much!</p> 
<p>If this was the Heavenly Court from Fang Yuan's previous life, they would definitely have no inclination to work with other forces.</p> 
<p>But fate Gu was destroyed by Fang Yuan, Heavenly Court lost their greatest spiritual banner, they also suffered many setbacks and lost a lot of reputation. One could say that their title of the number one human force was already undeserved, they faced a lot of criticism.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court's Gu Immortals were all elites, they learned from this lesson and started to change. Qin Ding Ling was the leader of Heavenly Court, she started to gather help and put down her pride, earlier, when Qin Ding Ling took the initiative to help Qi Sea Ancestor chase away Demon Immortal Qi Jue, it was the best proof of this.</p> 
<p>Thus, the probability that Heavenly Court, Shadow Sect, and Longevity Heaven would work together was not low.</p> 
<p>The Qi Sea clone's words were very effective, Heavenly Court and Fairy Zi Wei could not trust each other. This way, even if Fairy Zi Wei's deduction succeeded, it would not have any meaning.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling was silent for a while before transmitting to Qi Sea Ancestor: "I would like ancestor to go and chase after Dragon Palace and Spectral Soul."</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor was slightly dazed: "Do you know the location of Fang Yuan already?"</p> 
<p>"I don't." Qin Ding Ling smiled at Qi Sea Ancestor.</p> 
<p>The Qi Sea clone looked at Qin Ding Ling deeply in the eye, he realized that Qin Ding Ling knew what she was doing, she had never trusted Shadow Sect's Fairy Zi Wei or Longevity Heaven, trusting them was stupid. The reason she stayed behind was to guard the dream realm and also rest and recover.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court lacked a peak rank eight battle strength, after leaving Heavenly Court, they also lost their territorial advantage. They seemed powerful and had great morale but if they were careless, they would suffer huge losses.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court could not afford to lose anymore!</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling had to be vigilant and careful.</p> 
<p>Right now, Spectral Soul was chasing Dragon Palace, Qing Chou was chasing Spectral Soul, while Demon Immortal Qi Jue was chasing Myriad Year Flying Warship.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling knew that Demon Immortal Qi Jue, who had Xi Land, was Qi Sea Ancestor's greatest counter, even if Fang Yuan was inside Myriad Year Flying Warship, Qi Sea Ancestor would not be able to do anything to Demon Immortal Qi Jue even if he went there.</p> 
<p>Instead, if Qi Sea Ancestor chased after Spectral Soul, he would be able to influence the situation.</p> 
<p>From Heavenly Court's perspective, Fang Yuan was someone who needed to die, Shadow Sect or Longevity Heaven were enemies as well. But Heavenly Court's strength was not like before, they were very weak, even though Qi Sea Ancestor was on their side, he was still not their member after all.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling sighed deeply: "Fang Yuan is too crafty, even though him splitting up seemed simple, it allowed the pressure on him to decrease greatly, we have no choice but to stay behind and temporarily stop chasing him."</p> 
<p>"Spectral Soul is stronger than Demon Immortal Qi Jue, if he kills Fang Yuan and gets everything, this former Demon Venerable will rise up again!"</p> 
<p>"Qi Sea Ancestor, we hope you can think for the sake of everyone in the world, let these two demons fight it out while our righteous path remains victorious in the end."</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling was a talented leader after all! Even though she was leading a weaker Heavenly Court, she had never given up, she made plans to try and raise their chances of victory as much as possible.</p>
    </body>
</html>
