<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2246: Not Much Immortal Essence Left</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2246: Not Much Immortal Essence Left</h1>
        <p>Northern Plains.</p>
<p>Golden light floated in the sky like thin threads, gathering and forming a huge golden aurora that permeated into the ground and spread out widely, the commotion was huge and the aura was vast.</p>
<p>This was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable refining Northern Plains’ natural luck path dao marks.</p>
<p>But at this time, the golden light that filled the area dimmed.</p>
<p>A moment later, this core area of Northern Plains returned to its original state.</p>
<p>In the air, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable opened his eyes slowly, he had a handsome face and his mouth, nose, eyes and brows were all thick and straight, but currently, his expression was cold and had a faint trace of helplessness.</p>
<p>The three venerables tried to kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable but failed because of Fang Yuan’s disturbance, afterwards, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable returned to Northern Plains and refined luck path dao marks there instead.</p>
<p>After a period of time, the results were abundant.</p>
<p>Currently, he had already completed a stage of his plans, all the luck path dao marks of Northern Plains’ core area were refined by him, his luck path dao marks covered the wisdom path area that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had refined earlier, allowing him to cancel out some of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s advantage in this place.</p>
<p>However, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could do nothing against the wisdom path dao marks that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had already refined. But in the future, if they fought here, although Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would get a dao mark amplification, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would also receive the same bonus, he would not lose his territorial advantage.</p>
<p>“But I don’t have much immortal essence left.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable sighed to himself.</p>
<p>The refinement of natural dao marks expended a lot of rank nine immortal essence.</p>
<p>Initially, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was only refining the luck path dao marks of the vicinity around him. It was like he was building a ball-shaped spider web, from an initial dot, it grew into a small ball, and finally a large ball.</p>
<p>The larger the ball expanded, the more dao marks he would encounter. To refine these luck path dao marks, he would expend an increasingly terrifying amount of immortal essence.</p>
<p>Currently, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable only had around a hundred yellow apricot immortal essence beads left. This forced him to stop here, his immortal essence reserves were reaching a critical level, he had to leave some for emergencies.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s rank nine immortal aperture could produce yellow apricot immortal essence, this was his only source of immortal essence production.</p>
<p>Longevity Heaven could not produce any.</p>
<p>Even though Longevity Heaven did not annex any nine heavens fragments and was not corroded by heaven’s will, after Giant Sun Immortal Venerable died in his era, it stopped producing immortal essence.</p>
<p>Right now, even though Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had revived, the venerable aperture that he had was the current one, it had not passed one chaotic disaster yet.</p>
<p>Furthermore, this second aperture had also just started developing, it was not flourishing and did not produce a large amount of immortal essence.</p>
<p>That was unless Giant Sun Immortal Venerable annexed Longevity Heaven, but if he did that, he would gain a huge number of luck path dao marks, it would destroy his plan of cultivating blood path.</p>
<p>“I need to raise blood path to a certain level first before I can regain my previous life’s foundation. This development will be costly, but I must endure it. Blood path will be of utmost importance when I face the other venerables in the future.”</p>
<p>“Thankfully, even though I am low on immortal essence, the other two are in an even worse state.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled to himself.</p>
<p>All along, he had been thinking that immortal essence was his advantage.</p>
<p>Even though he could not refine more luck path dao marks, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not slack off, he waited for his immortal essence to replenish while comprehending blood path.</p>
<p>Blood Sea Ancestor was actually Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s clone.</p>
<p>Blood Sea Ancestor created blood path and left behind countless blood path inheritances after he died. Most were mortal level and contained mortal killer moves and mortal Gu, but he had nine true inheritances of Gu Immortal level, that was the peak of blood path when he died.</p>
<p>These nine were blood skull Gu, blood handprint Gu, blood qi Gu, blood sweat Gu, menses blood Gu, blood shadow Gu, blood battle Gu, blood deity Gu, as well as the method to raise and enslave the ancient desolate beast violent blood dragon bat.</p>
<p>It was a pity that Blood Sea Ancestor was targeted by Heavenly Court in his life, even after his death, many inheritances were ruined by them.</p>
<p>Thankfully, Blood Sea left behind countless mortal inheritances, most of the nine true inheritances also displayed their worth.</p>
<p>The one who obtained the most true inheritances was Southern Border’s Gu Immortal Shang Yan Fei.</p>
<p>In his younger days, he found blood handprint Immortal Gu in Southern Border’s blood tide pit, he later obtained blood shadow Gu’s true inheritance.</p>
<p>Northern Plains’ menses blood Immortal Gu was obtained by Dong Fang Chang Fan.</p>
<p>Western Desert’s blood qi Immortal Gu true inheritance was obtained by Demon Immortal Qi Jue.</p>
<p>As for the true inheritance regarding the ancient desolate beast violent blood dragon bat, it was obtained by Shadow Sect’s Song Zi Xing.</p>
<p>Central Continent’s blood deity Immortal Gu true inheritance was fought over by the ten great ancient sects, they destroyed over half of it and the incomplete Blood Deity Immortal Gu recipe ended up in the hands of Myriad Dragon Dock.</p>
<p>As for the remaining three true inheritances, because of the changing terrain, a volcano erupted and destroyed blood skull Immortal Gu’s true inheritance. Blood sweat Gu was taken mysteriously and had never been shown in public, it was possible that the person who took it met with an accident. Blood battle Gu’s true inheritance was by chance destroyed by an immemorial desolate beast.</p>
<p>After Giant Sun Immortal Venerable revived, he took all of the blood path research results that the Northern Plains Huang Jin tribes had, as well as Longevity Heaven’s research gains.</p>
<p>Next, he instructed Earth Extremity Gan Ni to refine Immortal Gu, the result was that they obtained several blood path Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>Among them, there was blood battle Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>As for the other seven Immortal Gu, other than Blood Deity, the rest had been tested, it was confirmed that all of them were already existing in the world.</p>
<p>Without an alternative, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had to temporarily turn imitation Gu into blood relation Gu and barely created a blood path formation that helped him to revive during the battle in Crazed Demon Cave.</p>
<p>“I have already digested the Primordial Domain regarding blood path, my current blood path attainment level has also reached supreme grandmaster! But...”</p>
<p>There were too few blood path Immortal Gu!</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had first absorbed the Primordial Domain in Crazed Demon Cave to become a supreme grandmaster in luck path, afterwards, he focused on blood path.</p>
<p>He obtained a lot of the Primordial Domain but did not have time to digest them earlier, now, he had already used up all of the Primordial Domain regarding blood path.</p>
<p>In terms of attainment level, he was the number one person in the world regarding blood path, but currently, he was in an awkward state of lacking relevant Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>He needed a large quantity of crucial blood path Immortal Gu!</p>
<p>Among them, the ones that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable wanted the most were Blood Asset, Blood Skull, Bloodline, Blood Relation, and others.</p>
<p>But in fact, these Immortal Gu were already owned.</p>
<p>Gan Ni had been refining all sorts of blood path Immortal Gu for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, blood rope Immortal Gu was one of the products.</p>
<p>But these Immortal Gu were too low ranked, they did not suit Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>These blood path Immortal Gu needed to be rank eight at least!</p>
<p>This job was too difficult for Gan Ni to complete.</p>
<p>Gan Ni cultivated earth path and refinement path, she was not a pure refinement path Gu Immortal. Even if she was, the success rate of refining rank eight Immortal Gu was just too low.</p>
<p>“If Long Hair Ancestor were still around, it would be much simpler.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable started to miss Long Hair Ancestor.</p>
<p>Back then, he had asked Long Hair Ancestor to refine all those luck Immortal Gu, he managed to create Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.</p>
<p>“Fang Yuan took the initiative to refine so many blood path Immortal Gu, regardless of this situation, or whether I need to advance my other blood path Immortal Gu, I will need to transact with him!” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable found that he could not avoid Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Recently, He Feng Yang publicly transacted with Fang Yuan, this showed Giant Sun Immortal Venerable that Heavenly Court had an ambiguous attitude towards him.</p>
<p>Since Heavenly Court was attempting this, if Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not follow, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Fang Yuan would leave him in the dust.</p>
<p>“I’ll let Heavenly Lord Bai Zu handle this and buy blood path Immortal Gu from Fang Yuan! Hmph, isn’t he quite close to Fang Yuan...” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable made a decision.</p>
<p>Next, he started to deduce more blood path Immortal Gu recipes and killer moves.</p>
<p>Blood path supreme grandmaster attainment level was his greatest assurance.</p>
<p>Of course, there was another aspect, he was using his methods to look for the blood path research results of the various super forces, and also the blood path inheritances left behind by other geniuses.</p>
<p>After all, deducing Immortal Gu recipes and killer moves took time and effort, if he could use established inheritances as reference, he would save a lot of time and energy.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Two days ago, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had already stopped refining Heavenly Court’s wisdom path dao marks.</p>
<p>It was not that she was unwilling to, but her situation was the same as Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, their immortal essence reserves were reaching critical levels, they had no choice but to stop.</p>
<p>But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s situation was different from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>In her previous life, her venerable aperture was contributed to Heavenly Court, and because Heavenly Court had devoured many immemorial nine heavens fragments, it was corroded by heaven’s will and her own wisdom path dao marks were turned back into natural dao marks.</p>
<p>Thus, she could not retrieve her previous venerable aperture like Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to raise her own dao marks to a colossal scale.</p>
<p>But she had her own advantage.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court contained a huge number of wisdom path dao marks, far beyond what she had in her previous life.</p>
<p>Because Heavenly Court had existed for three million years, during which countless rank eight Gu Immortals had appeared, their immortal apertures were also fused into Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>If she fully refined all the wisdom path dao marks in Heavenly Court, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would receive amplification that was far beyond Giant Sun Immortal Venerable inside Longevity Heaven!</p>
<p>These last two days, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had been deducing killer moves, she wanted to use star eyes Immortal Gu and others to modify her own combat system.</p>
<p>Similar to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, she had absorbed a lot of the Primordial Domain, her star path became supreme grandmaster again, and together with her wisdom path cultivation, she was much more adept than Giant Sun Immortal Venerable in modifying killer moves!</p>
<p>When refining natural dao marks, the immortal essence expenditure was huge. but when deducing killer moves, for the case of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, the immortal essence expenditure was of an acceptable level.</p>
<p>Relying on her current venerable aperture, the production of immortal essence was greater than the amount she expended.</p>
<p>“But the most important thing is to refine all of Heavenly Court’s wisdom path dao marks.”</p>
<p>If she completed that, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would be able to use a killer move to conceal Heavenly Court’s information, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would not be able to use Longevity Heaven’s luck path dao marks to forcefully inspect it.</p>
<p>Things were difficult to do openly, but easy to do secretly. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable knew this clearly.</p>
<p>“After I block Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s investigative method, I will break the truthful floating ice and retrieve derivation Gu, it will be helpful in our human path development!”</p>
<p>“In terms of immortal essence, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable should have an advantage, in terms of Gu refinement, Fang Yuan has the advantage. But I have rank nine derivation Immortal Gu, if I can use it well, I can surpass the two venerables.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable calculated internally.</p>
<p>In the contest of three venerables, although they were not physically fighting, their contest had taken a different form.</p>
<p>Refining dao marks, immortal essence reserves, rank nine Immortal Gu, all these various aspects were crucial points that the venerables competed in.</p>
<p>Undeniably, whoever had the advantage in these aspects would have a higher chance of winning in the end!</p>
    </body>
</html>