<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2188: Bedazzlement</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2188: Bedazzlement</h1>
        
        <p>Northern Plains.</p> 
<p>Two figures were flying in the air and exchanging killer moves rapidly; air currents and thunder resounded constantly.</p> 
<p>Among them, the male immortal who was dressed in a white robe cultivated light path. He had a skinny body and a sharp face, and his eyes were small like beans.</p> 
<p>Meanwhile, the female immortal was covered in dark gold armor and was wearing a half mask, her every move was filled with domineering aura.</p> 
<p>Besides these two, there were over ten Gu Immortals watching the battle in the surroundings.</p> 
<p>"Big brother, quickly kill this bitch!" The female immortal Liu Luo shouted with her gaze fixed on the battlefield.</p> 
<p>Beside her were Liu tribe's Gu Immortal elders.</p> 
<p>Besides them, other Huang Jin tribe Gu Immortals also came, like Chanyu tribe's Chanyu Xiong and Gong tribe's Gong Tong Kuai.</p> 
<p>The male immortal in combat was a famous rank seven expert of Northern Plains' righteous path — Liu Chang.</p> 
<p>The female immortal was Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan used Black Moon as her alias and challenged experts everywhere. After defeating Chen Cheng and Yin Wu Que, she continued to challenge lone and demonic immortal experts. She was not defeated even once, her reputation rose rapidly, shocking Northern Plains.</p> 
<p>The two siblings Liu Chang and Liu Luo had failed to recruit Yin Wu Que, and even came into conflict with Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>To take revenge, Liu Chang publicly challenged Fairy Black Moon.</p> 
<p>Once the news got out, it immediately shocked Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world.</p> 
<p>This battle was the result of that!</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Light Horse Crossing.</p> 
<p>Liu Chang activated a killer move, a small steed appeared below his legs, carrying him into the sky with a rapid speed.</p> 
<p>This movement killer move was exceptional, it allowed Liu Chang to maintain a fixed distance from Hei Lou Lan throughout the battle.</p> 
<p>After the loss against Hei Lou Lan the previous time, Liu Chang sensibly chose a long ranged battle tactic in this battle.</p> 
<p>"Big brother, this is it!" Let that bitch suffer more and die in vain later! Hahaha." Liu Luo cheered on Liu Chang with a shrill voice, her laughter was very painful to the ears.</p> 
<p>But right at this time, Hei Lou Lan's figure disappeared from her spot.</p> 
<p>It was an illusion!</p> 
<p>"When did she do it?" Liu Chang was shocked and knew he was tricked, subconsciously dodging.</p> 
<p>But Hei Lou Lan's true body immediately appeared behind him.</p> 
<p>Bam bam bam...</p> 
<p>Fist shadows rained down and enveloped Liu Chang firmly.</p> 
<p>Liu Chang screamed while trying his best to activate defensive killer moves to endure the beating.</p> 
<p>Liu Luo's laughter stopped abruptly.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan's attacks were extremely fierce, even the Gu Immortal spectators felt their eyelids twitch.</p> 
<p>"Great!"</p> 
<p>"Awesome beating."</p> 
<p>"She finally caught this crafty Liu Chang!"</p> 
<p>Among the spectators, the lone and demonic immortals cheered and praised.</p> 
<p>In this group, besides Chen Cheng, Wu Guang, and Yin Wu Que, there were also many other people.</p> 
<p>Some of these people were defeated by Hei Lou Lan, while some heard of Hei Lou Lan's deeds and followed her of their own accord.</p> 
<p>"Lady Black Moon has the upper hand." Wu Guang transmitted his voice while smiling.</p> 
<p>"Don't you feel that Lady Black Moon has grown stronger recently? Now that I think of it, Lady Black Moon has been challenging others continuously, her battle strength has been rising during these challenges. Brother Wu, could it be that you don't sense it?" Yin Wu Que was bewildered.</p> 
<p>Wu Guang mumbled, shaking his head and transmitting his voice: "I also noticed it. But how could there be such rapid progress and growth in this world? It might be that Lady Black Moon was hiding her strength before, or maybe she had been in closed cultivation all this time and started to connect her methods with the increase in her battle experience, thus, it caused us to feel that her battle strength is increasing rapidly."</p> 
<p>Yin Wu Que nodded and was about to speak, when there was a change in the battle.</p> 
<p>Gu Immortal Liu Chang was indeed worthy of being a famous expert in Northern Plains, after some efforts, he finally escaped from Hei Lou Lan's attack range.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan naturally did not want to let him go and immediately gave chase.</p> 
<p>But Liu Chang suddenly stopped, smiling darkly towards her: "Black Moon, you have fallen into my trap!"</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Bedazzlement!</p> 
<p>In an instant, intense light exploded, enveloping the whole battlefield.</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortal spectators closed their eyes immediately, even Hei Lou Lan shut her eyes subconsciously.</p> 
<p>But when she opened her eyes again, the scene was still completely white.</p> 
<p>She was struck by the killer move bedazzlement, her vision turned into a scene of white and she could no longer see.</p> 
<p>"Damn it, Liu Chang actually learned this killer move."</p> 
<p>"No wonder he was not afraid to openly challenge Lady Black Moon!"</p> 
<p>"This move is Liu tribe's trump card method. Once a Gu cultivator is hit with this move, it will be extremely difficult for them to recover unless they use Liu tribe's special recovery method."</p> 
<p>Many lone and demonic immortals had changed expressions, the mood immediately became heavy.</p> 
<p>This battle was not just a simple fight between Liu Chang and Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>In the current situation, this battle already held much political meaning.</p> 
<p>Fairy Black Moon, who had no roots or background, represented the lone immortal faction. While Liu Chang represented Northern Plains' righteous path.</p> 
<p>Ever since the fate war, Northern Plains' Longevity Heaven had been actively uniting Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world.</p> 
<p>Lone and demonic experts like Yin Wu Que were actively recruited by the Huang Jin tribes, and the recruitment process was extremely forceful.</p> 
<p>So be it for the few lone immortals who were willing to accept this, however, the main thing was that most of the lone immortals and demonic immortals rejected this. But being lone forces, they did not want to offend those Northern Plains righteous path forces, so they kept silent even though they were furious.</p> 
<p>Under this situation, Hei Lou Lan's appearance was like a rallying banner for these Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan dared to issue challenges everywhere without fearing the Huang Jin tribes, which gave these lone and demonic immortals a huge boost of morale.</p> 
<p>Especially now that Snowy Mountain blessed land was destroyed and the demonic head Old Ancestor Xue Hu had hidden himself, the lone and demonic cultivators needed a leader.</p> 
<p>Because of this, Wu Guang, Yin Wu Que, and others followed Hei Lou Lan on their own initiative. Many lone and demonic immortals came to observe this battle and support Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan was struck by the killer move and could not see anything. These Gu Immortals became extremely anxious and worried.</p> 
<p>Liu Chang easily retreated, smiling.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Vitality Glow.</p> 
<p>His injuries began to heal slowly.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Gleaming Light.</p> 
<p>Light shone around him, like countless gleaming fish scales.</p> 
<p>"This is not good!" Chen Cheng frowned, "This move restricts investigative methods."</p> 
<p>Yin Wu Que and Wu Guang stopped conversing secretly as they fixed their gazes on the battlefield.</p> 
<p>Even if Gu Immortals could not see, they had all kinds of investigative methods. But with Liu Chang using this killer move, other investigative methods might be useless.</p> 
<p>Since she could not see, Hei Lou Lan simply closed her eyes.</p> 
<p>She was not panicking, instead, she sighed lightly: "Liu Chang, oh Liu Chang, it is such a pity, you missed your final chance."</p> 
<p>Liu Chang was stunned before scoffing: "Fairy Black Moon, who are you trying to bluff? You have already lost, how can you counter my Liu tribe's bedazzlement killer move in this battle? There is no use in stalling for time!"</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan did not retort.</p> 
<p>She replied to him with her actions.</p> 
<p>A killer move was activated.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Dark Capital Strength Biao!</p> 
<p>A black tiger condensed into solid form.</p> 
<p>"This move again?" A trace of solemness flashed on Liu Chang's face.</p> 
<p>"It is different now!" Yin Wu Que's eyes shone, "This dark gold tiger seems to have grown wings?!"</p> 
<p>"What? I didn't see it clearly." Wu Guang quickly replied.</p> 
<p>The moment the totem black tiger condensed, it disappeared, many including Wu Guang did not see it properly.</p> 
<p>"Where is it? Does it have the ability to hide itself?" Liu Chang's expression changed slightly as he activated investigative methods.</p> 
<p>But at the next moment, his pupils shrank to pin size, his face was filled with shock and horror.</p> 
<p>The giant dark gold tiger appeared behind him!</p> 
<p>Whoosh.</p> 
<p>The tiger swatted, sending Liu Chang flying like a rubber ball.</p> 
<p>Howling winds rang past Liu Chang's ears while his vision spun like a whirlpool, he felt terrified internally.</p> 
<p>That attack had huge strength, almost destroying his defensive killer move.</p> 
<p>"It is not that the black tiger has a concealment method, the reason is its speed, it is too fast, simply too fast to react to!"</p> 
<p>The dark gold tiger's speed was so fast that it had already surpassed the limit of what the Gu Immortals' naked eyes could perceive. It was like a phantom, appearing and disappearing suddenly.</p> 
<p>Every time it appeared, it sent Liu Chang flying.</p> 
<p>Liu Chang was completely at a disadvantage with no strength to retaliate.</p> 
<p>If he could use light horse crossing, he might be able to escape for some time. But right now, he had fallen into a passive position and had to focus all his strength in maintaining his defensive methods, otherwise, he might be turned into meat paste by the black tiger.</p> 
<p>Rumble!</p> 
<p>The black tiger's strike sent Liu Chang flying to the ground.</p> 
<p>Dust clouds rose, a deep crater formed, Liu Chang remained unmoving, he had fallen unconscious.</p> 
<p>"Brother!" Liu Luo screamed shrilly, pointing at Hei Lou Lan, "You bitch, you killed my brother. How dare you do this! I want you to die, I want you to die!"</p> 
<p>She was about to charge forward but was stopped firmly by a Liu tribe elder.</p> 
<p>Right at this time, a feeling of joy spread in her heart.</p> 
<p>Liu Luo was stunned.</p> 
<p>She felt incredulous at herself: "Big brother is in such a state but I feel happy?!"</p> 
<p>The other righteous path immortals also had a change in their expressions, they were all feeling happiness.</p> 
<p>Gong Tong Kuai slightly shook his head to calm himself, saying in a quiet voice: "Liu tribe's fairy, please don't be anxious, Brother Liu is not dead yet."</p> 
<p>"Calm down, so many people are looking, don't cause Liu tribe to lose face!" A Liu tribe elder berated and flew towards the battlefield.</p> 
<p>He cupped his fists towards Hei Lou Lan: "Fairy Black Moon, you have won this battle."</p> 
<p>He had just said that, when he almost started crying.</p> 
<p>An intense wave of sadness filled his heart.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan nodded: "Okay, so what about this battle's wager?"</p> 
<p>She did not feel well either.</p> 
<p>First was the baffling happiness, followed by the intense sadness, what in the world was going on?</p> 
<p>Liu tribe's elder forcefully calmed down, replying to Hei Lou Lan: "It has been sent to treasure yellow heaven."</p> 
<p>Since Liu Chang lost, and with so many people watching, Liu tribe's elder had to openly send a considerable amount of cultivation resources to treasure yellow heaven.</p> 
<p>Treasure yellow heaven had treasure light to distinguish value of the items, at the same time, it also showed Liu tribe's openness and upright handling of the loss.</p> 
<p>The immortals present used their Gu worms to connect to treasure yellow heaven, they saw Liu tribe's wager indeed.</p> 
<p>"That secluded domain of heaven and earth is still there!"</p> 
<p>"More accurately, this is a portion of the Primordial Domain."</p> 
<p>"I wonder which great expert is openly transacting the Primordial Domain!"</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortals' attention was drawn to another direction.</p> 
<p>Not long ago, a portion of the Primordial Domain had appeared in treasure yellow heaven, shocking the entire five regions' Gu Immortal world.</p> 
<p>Yin Wu Que shouted to bring back the attention of the immortals: "According to the agreement, please dispel the bedazzlement killer move on Fairy Black Moon's body."</p> 
<p>"Naturally." Liu tribe's elder used a killer move straightforwardly, restoring Hei Lou Lan's vision.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan slightly nodded at the Liu tribe elder, and withdrew the dark capital strength biao which was beside Liu Chang.</p> 
<p>This totem killer move had gone through modifications, its battle strength surged and it had already become her unique method!</p> 
<p>Chen Cheng breathed a sigh of relief when he saw this: "Lady Black Moon's reputation is going to rise even higher."</p> 
<p>Liu Luo carried Liu Chang, while saying with hatred: "Black Moon, don't be pleased with yourself. Our righteous path is filled with experts, you might have won against brother by chance, but can you win against others? Let's not talk of others, just Chu tribe's first supreme elder Chu Du is someone you won't be able to surpass."</p> 
<p>However, right at this time, an intense emotion of affection rose in her heart.</p> 
<p>Liu Luo's expression turned twisted immediately.</p> 
<p>"What's going on! Why do I have such a strong feeling of affection when I look at this Black Moon whore?"</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan did not feel well either, but her expression did not change as she sneered: "Chu Du? I have heard of his name, he also cultivates strength path. I am challenging him next!"</p> 
<p>The lone and demonic immortals' expressions changed.</p>
    </body>
</html>
