<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2054: Spectral Soul, You Are Too Poor!</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2054: Spectral Soul, You Are Too Poor!</h1>
        
        <p>"Ahhhh—! Qi Jue!" Spectral Soul screamed, staring at Demon Immortal Qi Jue with deep anger.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue retrieved Xi Land as he retreated, guarding against Spectral Soul's retaliation.</p> 
<p>"You idiot!" Spectral Soul stepped on the ground as a loud sound echoed, he finally stabilized his footing.</p> 
<p>Even someone like him who had lived for so long became furious this instant, he was about to kill Fang Yuan but his ally actually attacked him.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue floated in the air, staring at Spectral Soul with deep vigilance.</p> 
<p>He first frowned as he recalled Fang Yuan's expression, it was evident that Fang Yuan did that on purpose so Spectral Soul would expose a weakness.</p> 
<p>"Was Fang Yuan really at his wits' end at that time? No, this is more likely Spectral Soul's deception to distract me. The truth is, even if I was deceived, at this point, I can only continue to attack Spectral Soul!" Demon Immortal Qi Jue made up his mind very soon.</p> 
<p>With eat heart broken, Spectral Soul suffered a backlash. During this time, Fang Yuan quickly repaired Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress, at the very least, he fixed that hole on it.</p> 
<p>While recovering, Fang Yuan did not forget to attack using words: "Spectral Soul, don't be too angry now, the truth is, before you contacted Qi Jue, I had already reached an agreement with him."</p> 
<p>"You made an agreement? Impossible, I checked secretly, you do not have any alliance agreements on you!" Spectral Soul retorted.</p> 
<p>"I have just been revived, I will not trust any information path methods. Oh Spectral Soul, you tempted me with benefits, but Fang Yuan did that even earlier. And... he is much more generous than you!" Before Demon Immortal Qi Jue finished his words, he attacked again.</p> 
<p>A qi path killer move erupted, the attack swept towards Giant Spectral Soul like a storm.</p> 
<p>Lu Wei Yin and the rest saw this, they felt overjoyed.</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai and Qi Sea Ancestor were unaware of this cooperation, seeing Demon Immortal Qi Jue's betrayal, they became very excited. The situation was tight earlier, but with Demon Immortal Qi Jue's action, the situation was immediately flipped around to their advantage!</p> 
<p>Lu Wei Yin pondered and quickly realized: "After the fate war, I used Lord Paradise Earth's methods to confirm that Spectral Soul had not only regained freedom but was also getting stronger. Soon after, the secret of the sovereign immortal aperture got exposed in treasure yellow heaven. When I contacted Fang Yuan secretly to inform him, I wanted to cooperate with him to deal with Spectral Soul and Shadow Sect. But initially, Fang Yuan did not fully believe me."</p> 
<p>"But soon after, Fang Yuan contacted me and agreed to this alliance. Now it seems that he had already contacted Demon Immortal Qi Jue and used him to confirm my information."</p> 
<p>Lu Wei Yin was Paradise Earth's inheritor, the venerable had spent his entire life restoring peace to the world, he was at odds with Spectral Soul.</p> 
<p>The reason why Lu Wei Yin participated in the fate war was to get rid of Spectral Soul's remnant soul for good.</p> 
<p>But even after it ended, Lu Wei Yin did not find Spectral Soul's remnant soul.</p> 
<p>Lu Wei Yin naturally did not give up, he paid a huge price and used Paradise Earth's method to deduce Spectral Soul's current condition, but he could not find his location.</p> 
<p>Thus, Lu Wei Yin thought of Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>If Spectral Soul wanted to regain full strength, he would need to kill Fang Yuan. After killing Fang Yuan, Spectral Soul would regain sovereign immortal fetus Gu as well as his personal dream realms and attainment levels.</p> 
<p>Lu Wei Yin used Paradise Earth's method and contacted Fang Yuan after great difficulty, but the latter was very wary in regards to him.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had been reborn, he knew that Lu Wei Yin was not what he seemed like on the surface in supporting Heavenly Court, he had his own personal objectives.</p> 
<p>Also, because Fang Yuan did not see Spectral Soul during the fate war when he invaded Heavenly Court, he trusted some parts of Lu Wei Yin's information.</p> 
<p>Soon after, the secret of the sovereign immortal body was exposed in treasure yellow heaven, it made Fang Yuan believe his words even more.</p> 
<p>After Demon Immortal Qi Jue revived, Fang Yuan tried to contact him in secret but did not succeed once.</p> 
<p>But coincidentally, Demon Immortal Qi Jue went to approach Qi Sea Ancestor for trouble. Using Qin Ding Ling's reinforcement, Fang Yuan managed to force Demon Immortal Qi Jue to retreat, but the truth was, he secretly made a deal with Demon Immortal Qi Jue.</p> 
<p>In order to gain Demon Immortal Qi Jue's trust, Fang Yuan told him that Qi Sea Ancestor was his disguise.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue gained this hold on Fang Yuan and immediately understood that Fang Yuan was sincere in this cooperation.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue lacked knowledge of the Gu Immortal world at that time, Fang Yuan attended to his needs, he used his various true inheritances as the transaction goods.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue was greatly moved but he was still very wary, he did not want to set an alliance agreement with Fang Yuan, he was afraid that Fang Yuan would use unknown information path methods to harm him.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not force him, they eventually came to a relaxed agreement that could not have any restraining power to either of them.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan provided true inheritances of various paths to Demon Immortal Qi Jue, while the latter gave Fang Yuan the secret of his qi path resurrection. Furthermore, he even followed Fang Yuan's arrangement and sold a huge amount of qi path immortal materials in treasure yellow heaven to purchase inheritances of all paths.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan learned of the secret regarding Qi Jue's revival, he immediately gained a huge breakthrough in resolving the qi harvest fruit. Thus, Qi Sea Ancestor was able to get rid of it. After that, Fang Yuan's clone used Heavenly Court's qi harvest fruit to create the Qi Sea clone successfully!</p> 
<p>The truth was, with just Fang Yuan's qi path attainment, he could not resolve the problem of the qi harvest fruit so quickly.</p> 
<p>But Demon Immortal Qi Jue was contacted by Spectral Soul in treasure yellow heaven some time after that.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue was greatly shocked, after hearing Spectral Soul's words, he understood Fang Yuan's intention.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Fang Yuan had a lax agreement, they could betray each other easily. Demon Immortal Qi Jue would not consider Fang Yuan's benefits, he immediately negotiated with Spectral Soul in secret.</p> 
<p>But soon, he realized that Spectral Soul's offer was far inferior to Fang Yuan's.</p> 
<p>"How can a great Demon Venerable be so stingy?!" Demon Immortal Qi Jue first held disdain before he pondered: "Oh, I get it! Spectral Soul is the pioneer of soul path, he also has a food path true inheritance, but he wants to keep them and refuses to transact these two. Even though Shadow Sect had existed for so long, they only found very few venerable true inheritances. But Fang Yuan is the crucial pawn of heaven's will and the ten venerables, many of these venerables invested in him, thus he possesses Red Lotus' true inheritance, Thieving Heaven's true inheritance, Giant Sun's true inheritance, Spectral Soul's true inheritance, Reckless Savage's true inheritance, Primordial Origin's true inheritance, Genesis Lotus' true inheritance, Paradise Earth's true inheritance, and Limitless' true inheritance. Other than these, he also has Lang Ya's true inheritance, the dragonman race's true inheritance, food path true inheritance, Bo Qing's sword path true inheritance, and many more. Damn... how can this one guy have so much wealth?"</p> 
<p>After Demon Immortal Qi Jue understood the reason, a complex feeling emerged in his heart uncontrollably.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan could be said to be the wealthiest person in terms of true inheritances throughout history!</p> 
<p>Even though Spectral Soul's Shadow Sect had searched for such a long period of time, obtaining venerable true inheritances took a lot of time and effort, and they were usually incomplete. Every venerable would make each inheritance with a specific purpose. Even if Spectral Soul destroyed them, he would not gain much. His greatest gain was still that Red Lotus true inheritance, and that was left to him intentionally by Red Lotus Demon Venerable to allow them to cooperate.</p> 
<p>Regarding Fang Yuan's gains, Demon Immortal Qi Jue felt jealousy, envy, and hatred.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was too rich, even though Spectral Soul was a Demon Venerable, compared to Fang Yuan in this regard, he was simply too poor!</p> 
<p>After comprehending this, Demon Immortal Qi Jue gained a deeper understanding of Fang Yuan: "No wonder this guy was chosen to be the crucial person to destroy Fate! He is making use of me to defend against Spectral Soul while also harming him, he also knows my wants so even without an agreement, I would not betray him easily."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had abundant wealth, he also knew that Qi Jue would go against Spectral Soul, he naturally acted very generously.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul was kept in the dark, he had to deal with the crafty Demon Immortal Qi Jue that showed signs of this betrayal, it was a stark contrast from Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Of course, Demon Immortal Qi Jue would not side with Fang Yuan simply because of this.</p> 
<p>He took advantage of both sides, on one hand, he told Fang Yuan about the price that Spectral Soul was paying, on the other hand, he requested for more things from Spectral Soul, Demon Immortal Qi Jue had been trying to gain the maximum benefits for himself all along. Up until he attacked Spectral Soul earlier, he had been interacting with both parties.</p> 
<p>The sovereign immortal aperture's situation was not optimistic.</p> 
<p>The myriad tribulation transformed again, it became a boundless grey wind. Wherever the wind blew, ash and sparks would appear, in the end, it would burn and destroy everything, the grey wind would sweep through, leaving a huge empty land behind.</p> 
<p>It was the myriad tribulation — Spark Blowing Grey Wind!</p> 
<p>The heaven path dao marks turned into wind path and fire path dao marks, creating this myriad tribulation that Fang Yuan had trouble dealing with immediately.</p> 
<p>Not only did the grey wind appear in the mini five regions, it also affected the mini nine heavens.</p> 
<p>A lot of resource points were destroyed, the sovereign immortal aperture had always been developed by Fang Yuan, it reached twenty percent development, but now, half of that was gone.</p> 
<p>During this time, Fang Yuan could only try to save the people instead.</p> 
<p>There were many humans and variant humans living in the sovereign immortal aperture, they were gathered in cities, mountains or valleys. This was huge wealth, Fang Yuan could give up the rest but he had to preserve the lives of these people.</p> 
<p>"Cough cough."</p> 
<p>Inside Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress, Fang Yuan continued to cough out blood.</p> 
<p>He was heavily injured.</p> 
<p>This was the result of Spectral Soul's eat heart killer move.</p> 
<p>The scene earlier was too dangerous, if it lasted for a few more breaths of time, Fang Yuan would have died. Even now, if Spectral Soul uses eat heart on Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress again, Fang Yuan would not escape death.</p> 
<p>Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress could not fully resist the power of eat heart!</p> 
<p>However, Spectral Soul no longer had a chance.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue's betrayal changed the entire situation.</p> 
<p>Earlier, Demon Immortal Qi Jue had Xi Land that countered Qi Sea Ancestor, he could shoulder some pressure for Spectral Soul. Now, Demon Immortal Qi Jue became the most troublesome person for Spectral Soul to deal with.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Great Qi Hand Explosion!</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor activated his killer move, Spectral Soul sensed it, immediately moving a hundred arms as black smoke appeared around him.</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor's face flushed red, he felt like he was squeezing an expanding piece of metal, his killer move was about to break!</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Upper-Lower Breathless Qi!</p> 
<p>At the crucial moment, Demon Immortal Qi Jue attacked with his killer move, directly hitting Spectral Soul.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul soon felt his breath going out of sync, his immortal essence flow became choppy, his defensive method that resisted great qi hand explosion became much weaker.</p> 
<p>Using this chance, Qi Sea Ancestor exerted more strength into his move.</p> 
<p>Boom!</p> 
<p>Great qi hand explosion was successfully used, and at this moment, Demon Immortal Qi Jue used a supplementary method to double the strength of this great qi hand explosion.</p> 
<p>Giant Spectral Soul was sent flying from the impact as tens of black arms exploded, he was covered in dust and smoke.</p>
    </body>
</html>
