<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2279: Retaliation of Three Venerables’ Luck</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2279: Retaliation of Three Venerables’ Luck</h1>
        <p>Immortal killer move — Sword Tongue Dragon Soul.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s body shook slightly as a hundred evil dragons appeared around him instantly.</p>
<p>The evil dragons danced and paraded, they gathered into a group and encircled You Tian Guang.</p>
<p>He had used this compound killer move before, if he used it against Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, there would be a risk of it getting unraveled or countered. But now, Fang Yuan used it to trap You Tian Guang.</p>
<p>The evil dragons attacked You Tian Guang from all directions, they bit, swung their tails, stabbed with their horns, or used their claws, some even shot out sharp sword qi with their tongues...</p>
<p>In this dangerous situation, You Tian Guang erupted with the strength of a legendary immemorial beast.</p>
<p>It waved its hands and its body moved like lightning, the horn on its head was extremely sharp, in just a whole, three evil dragons were sliced in half.</p>
<p>After a lot of effort, it managed to kill several evil dragons, but dragon souls came out of them to modify the battlefield.</p>
<p>The more evil dragons that died, the more dragon souls that gathered, the battlefield was filled with soul path dao marks that made the dragon souls even stronger!</p>
<p>The situation was increasingly dangerous, You Tian Guang tried to charge out from different directions as it fought a bloody battle, but it could not break free from the evil dragons.</p>
<p>Sensing the danger that its host was in, the wild rank nine light Gu in You Tian Guang’s body burst out with its power again.</p>
<p>A piercing light shone on the entire battlefield, it seemingly tried to escape with You Tian Guang by turning it into a ray of light.</p>
<p>Earlier, when Fang Yuan and Star Constellation chased after You Tian Guang, this was the move that caused them to fail in capturing it multiple times.</p>
<p>But now, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was already prepared.</p>
<p>Starlight specks flew out and surrounded You Tian Guang’s body.</p>
<p>The wild rank nine light Gu burst out with power but the starlight specks suppressed most of its strength, it failed to escape with You Tian Guang but caused it to suffer huge injuries instead.</p>
<p>Rank nine light Gu was a wild Gu, it was not in sync with You Tian Guang, thus, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable found its weakness.</p>
<p>But this was normal.</p>
<p>Even though You Tian Guang and light Gu had been together for a long time, it had spent most of the time sleeping.</p>
<p>Now that it was awake, with just rank eight cultivation level, it could not refine a wild rank nine Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>Back then, even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable who had become venerable spent a hundred years to refine the wild rank nine wisdom Gu.</p>
<p>As for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, he attempted to refine rank nine love Gu and failed in the end.</p>
<p>You Tian Guang’s blood spewed out like a geyser, it fell into despair.</p>
<p>The enemies were too powerful, it had suffered huge injuries that caused it to become even slower than before.</p>
<p>But it still struggled.</p>
<p>For the meager hope in its heart that wanted to escape, it resisted!</p>
<p>“Don’t come here, don’t come here...” Light Emperor hid in the black cloud and watched as You Tian Guang approached him, he became flustered and anxious.</p>
<p>You Tian Guang coincidentally escape in the direction that led to him.</p>
<p>“Is this my so-called fortuitous encounter?” Light Emperor sudden shook as he recalled Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s words.</p>
<p>He immediately understood that his fortuitous encounter was rank nine light Gu, but...</p>
<p>“Father, this is too much!” Light Emperor glanced at Fang Yuan and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, he did not even dare to look at them for more than a moment in fear that they would notice him.</p>
<p>Light Emperor’s bald head almost wanted to hide in his chest.</p>
<p>All along, his body had been emitting light, but now, he kept the light concealed as only a thin halo was left.</p>
<p>But You Tian Guang still came in his direction at full speed.</p>
<p>At this moment, Light Emperor could feel nothing but hatred towards this huge fortuitous encounter!</p>
<p>He did not know that Fang Yuan was feeling the same.</p>
<p>“The timing is not right. If this happened after I refined heavenly secret Gu, I will be able to use my full strength to capture the wild light Gu!”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan attacked and chased You Tian Guang while secretly refining heavenly secret Gu.</p>
<p>Thankfully, he spent a lot of effort to modify heavenly secret Immortal Gu’s recipe.</p>
<p>Using Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, and with the help of the hairy man Gu Immortals, heavenly secret Gu’s refinement proceeded without a hitch.</p>
<p>“The following is the most difficult part. But at this time, I need to chase after that rank nine light Gu! Sigh...” Fang Yuan sighed to himself.</p>
<p>He did not feel much attraction to rank nine light Gu.</p>
<p>Rank nine Heavenly secret Gu had far greater value to Fang Yuan than light Gu.</p>
<p>But the situation had progressed to this stage, Fang Yuan had to show that he was determined to take the Immortal Gu for himself.</p>
<p>“Fate Gu has been destroyed, this situation should have been caused by the contest of luck between the other three venerables and myself.” Fang Yuan had a vague comprehension.</p>
<p>Once Fang Yuan refined heavenly secret Gu successfully, his strength would grow immensely, the benefits would not just be limited to obscured heavenly secret, there were other advantages too.</p>
<p>But in that case, Fang Yuan’s advantage would be too huge.</p>
<p>Precisely so, the other three venerables were threatened by Fang Yuan. Although they did not notice it, their luck had already started to retaliate.</p>
<p>The luck of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable mixed together and attacked Fang Yuan in unison.</p>
<p>Precisely so, at the crucial moment of refining heavenly secret Gu, Fang Yuan faced such a huge difficulty and uncertainty.</p>
<p>“In this situation with the existence of four venerables and contest of three venerables, the current timing is a crucial turning point! Sovereign immortal aperture, rank nine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, rank nine advance refinement Immortal Gu, my cultivation of refinement path and heaven path, as well as other elements like obscured heavenly secret have given me a huge advantage that is deeply hidden, my luck is comparable to all three of them together.”</p>
<p>This comparison was under the situation where the three venerables did not know the truth. because they canceled out a portion of each other’s luck, this allowed Fang Yuan to match them evenly.</p>
<p>Once the venerables understood the situation and found out the truth, they would cooperate with each other and cause this cancellation to be smaller. By then, their collective luck would surpass Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>“If I get past this difficulty without the three of them finding out the truth, after gaining rank nine heavenly secret Immortal Gu, my luck will be higher than the three of them combined. After a qualitative change, when I refine other rank nine Immortal Gu in the future, I will no longer face such a hurdle.”</p>
<p>After making an analysis, Fang Yuan understood that this was a crucial fight.</p>
<p>If it were to be said that becoming a refinement path venerable was the foundation to resisting the other venerables.</p>
<p>Then after refining rank nine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, Fang Yuan shortened the gap between himself and the venerables.</p>
<p>After refining rank nine advance refinement Gu, the gap was shortened even further, it even deepened Fang Yuan’s advantage in refinement path.</p>
<p>And now, if he refined rank nine heavenly secret Gu, it would create the turning point in the contest of three venerables!</p>
<p>Once this crucial point was passed, Fang Yuan would surpass the other venerables, he would have a true advantage against them.</p>
<p>As star fog appeared, You Tian Guang’s path was completely blocked.</p>
<p>Evidently, this was an incomplete battlefield killer move.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable wanted to use this battlefield killer move to trap You Tian Guang and the wild rank nine light Gu before dealing with them.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had not seen Star Constellation Immortal Venerable use a battlefield killer move before, he was hesitant now.</p>
<p>Should he try to destroy it now?</p>
<p>It was not something that he could not tolerate for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to obtain the wild rank nine light Gu.</p>
<p>It was very difficult to refine rank nine light Gu, while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not cultivate light path. After getting it, during the period that she tries to refine it, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s positive luck would fall greatly.</p>
<p>From the perspective of the situation, in order to prevent Fang Yuan from ruining her plan, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would definitely give up more benefits to Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>This was very beneficial to Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Thinking of this, Fang Yuan activated his killer move.</p>
<p>Immortal killer move — Seven Kills Rainbow!</p>
<p>Metal path’s yellow light, wood path’s jade-green light, water path’s light blue hue, fire path’s red light, earth path’s brown light, wind path’s green radiance, and lightning path’s deep blue light; seven lights from these seven paths mixed together and shot forward in a drill shape towards You Tian Guang.</p>
<p>You Tian Guang immediately sensed fatal danger.</p>
<p>If he was hit by this move, it would definitely perish, alongside the rank nine light Gu in its body.</p>
<p>But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was guarded against Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>“What are you trying to do?!” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable called out as starlight flew out, forming a veil made of stardust, it was like a wall between heaven and earth, blocking Fang Yuan’s seven kills rainbow.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s mind was also running out of thoughts, he had to refine heavenly secret Gu while maintaining his defensive killer moves and movement killer moves. Earlier, he even had to use an offensive killer move like seven kills rainbow forcefully.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan snorted coldly but did not show any weakness: ”Friend Star Constellation, even if you want to get rank nine light Gu, do you think it will be this easy?”</p>
<p>On the outside, Fang Yuan showed an attitude of relentlessness, he was prepared to fight to the end. But the truth was, he had already made up his mind to destroy this wild light Gu, if that failed, so be it if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable got the Gu.</p>
<p>In Fang Yuan’s condition, he could not obtain the Gu even if he tried. The priority was to destroy rank nine light Gu, followed by letting Star Constellation Immortal Venerable have it, the worst case was for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to get it.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable were not light path Gu cultivators, but if Giant Sun Immortal Venerable got this rank nine light Gu, his own luck would grow explosively.</p>
<p>That was extremely useful for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, with his attainment in luck path, he would become much stronger.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sighed: ”Friend Fang Yuan, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable has not arrived yet, are we really going to fight now?”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan smiled coldly: ”Why not? If I wait any further, aren’t you going to obtain the rank nine Immortal Gu already?”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable went into a standoff.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan targeted the incomplete star fog battlefield killer move occasionally, while attacking You Tian Guang and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable respectively at other times.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was worthy of being a wisdom path venerable, her mind was filled with thoughts, she managed to handle all the various aspects and keep her control over the situation.</p>
<p>Although the situation was in a deadlock, it was clearly tilting towards Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>During the contest of the venerables, You Tian Guang had already gotten severely injured, rank nine light Gu tried many attempts to escape with it but Star Constellation Immortal Venerable blocked it each time.</p>
<p>Seeing that the star fog was about to gather into a complete battlefield killer move, Light Emperor could not wait anymore.</p>
<p>“Dazzle them!” He attacked abruptly using his strongest method.</p>
<p>Blinding white light filled the entire battlefield, Light Emperor used all his effort to create a small opening in the star fog.</p>
<p>“Escape, escape, escape!” Light Emperor desperately charged towards the exit, he did not have the energy to care about the rank nine Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>He had waited for a long time before Fang Yuan weakened the star fog battlefield sufficiently without Star Constellation Immortal Venerable having the time to replenish it. Thus, he could make an opening in this battlefield.</p>
<p>If he waited any longer and the star fog battlefield formed completely, he would have no chance of escaping anymore.</p>
    </body>
</html>