<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2181: Duke Mei, Duke Tong</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2181: Duke Mei, Duke Tong</h1>
        
        <p>Crucial information regarding the battle entered the minds of Duke Mei and Duke Tong.</p> 
<p>At the moment when they saw the battlefield themselves, they also learned of the current situation.</p> 
<p>Duke Mei sighed: "Duke Long..."</p> 
<p>Back then, when he first saw Duke Long, the latter still had black hair and was a youngster.</p> 
<p>The moment Duke Long joined Heavenly Court, he met with Duke Mei.</p> 
<p>Even though Duke Mei was a senior, he quickly greeted in return: "Friend, you are a Dao Guardian, the happiness of all living beings is resting on your shoulders."</p> 
<p>Duke Long replied solemnly: "I will do my best for the world, even if I have to sacrifice my life, there is no regret!"</p> 
<p>Time passed, when Duke Mei reawakened in the five regions, Duke Long had already died ahead of him.</p> 
<p>"Duke Long, you died a good death, throughout your life, you did not turn on the promise you made from the start." Duke Mei said with deep emotions, before flying forward: "And now, it is our turn."</p> 
<p>Within Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan's eyes shined with bright light: "The immortal graveyard... so it was nearby all along, Heavenly Court has brilliant methods after all, we could not find it even with repeated investigations."</p> 
<p>Be it Longevity Heaven or Fang Yuan, they had already confirmed the information of the immortal graveyard. They had expected Gu Immortals to awaken during this battle.</p> 
<p>"Quickly look, Fang Yuan's side is making a new action!" One of the Eight Extremities shouted.</p> 
<p>Bing Sai Chuan quickly shifted his gaze, he saw that four Immortal Gu Houses, Profound Frost House, Dragon Soul Dark Castle, Red River Pavilion, and Red Heavenly Altar, had changed locations, flying down the mountain.</p> 
<p>Bing Sai Chuan could not help but feel shocked: "It seems that Fang Yuan has a plan already, but mobilizing four Immortal Gu Houses at once, isn't that too much?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had a total of seven Immortal Gu Houses, now that Rising Cloud City was given to Demon Immortal Qi Jue, and after moving four Immortal Gu Houses away, there was only Unbreakable Golden Fortress and Scarlet Palace left on the mountain.</p> 
<p>Currently, the most important thing was to reach the peak of Book Mountain and ruin Heavenly Court's killer move so that they could not obtain Primordial Domain.</p> 
<p>Right now, Fang Yuan diverted his forces to attack the Gu Immortals of the immortal graveyard, he was putting his emphasis on the wrong target.</p> 
<p>But at the next moment, the four diverted Immortal Gu Houses split up.</p> 
<p>Profound Frost House and Red River Pavilion went to help Zhan Bu Du in fighting Qing Chou.</p> 
<p>Dragon Soul Dark Castle and Red Heavenly Altar charged towards Heavenly Court's immortal graveyard.</p> 
<p>Bing Sai Chuan realized at once, he yelled in his mind: "So Fang Yuan is trying to free up Zhan Bu Du!"</p> 
<p>Zhan Bu Du had incomplete freedom transformation, he was powerful and unstoppable, he was the crucial battle strength for Fang Yuan's side to ascend the mountain.</p> 
<p>Even though Fairy Ming Hao's humble reciprocation killer move was broken now, there were three pseudo venerables at the top of the mountain, if ordinary rank eight Immortal Gu Houses charged to the top, they would be suppressed by the three.</p> 
<p>Divine Emperor City was at the middle section of the mountain, it was a tough hurdle too.</p> 
<p>It had the killer move 'broken homes and dead family', that was the biggest counter to Immortal Gu Houses.</p> 
<p>Thus, letting Zhan Bu Du take the lead was the wisest decision.</p> 
<p>Dragon Soul Dark Castle and Red Heavenly Altar flew rapidly, soon arriving before Duke Mei and Duke Tong.</p> 
<p>Duke Mei took in a deep breath, he straightened both arms and aimed at the two Immortal Gu Houses.</p> 
<p>Vines suddenly appeared around Dragon Soul Dark Castle and Red Heavenly Altar, these vines were dry and tough, they bound the two Immortal Gu Houses tightly.</p> 
<p>"Oh no, the immortal essence storages in the Immortal Gu Houses are being absorbed by the vines!" Fang Yuan's subordinate Gu Immortals realized this and shouted in anger.</p> 
<p>The two Immortal Gu Houses started to counterattack.</p> 
<p>The surface of Red Heavenly Altar radiated bright red light, melting all of the dried vines around it.</p> 
<p>Dragon roars could be heard from Dragon Soul Dark Castle, the vines around it were snapped and sent flying.</p> 
<p>But with this amount of time, Duke Tong's killer move was already prepared.</p> 
<p>Two different sized bronze rings formed instantly and attached themselves to the two Immortal Gu Houses and spinning rapidly, buzzing loudly.</p> 
<p>The bronze rings were flying too quickly, they seemed like vague shadows that immobilized the Immortal Gu Houses that they were surrounding.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court had learned from their lesson. During the fate war, because of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's method, Longevity Heaven managed to directly enter Heavenly Court, catching them off guard. In that battle, even though Heavenly Court's Gu Immortals awakened, because they lacked Immortal Gu, they did not display their true battle strength.</p> 
<p>But now, Heavenly Court prepared the Immortal Gu of their hibernating Gu Immortals in advance.</p> 
<p>Thus, Duke Mei and Duke Tong were able to immediately act and restrain the two Immortal Gu Houses.</p> 
<p>But good times did not last, suddenly, a dragon soul appeared from within Dragon Soul Dark Castle, the dragon soul made several attempts before managing to destroy the bronze ring.</p> 
<p>Next, Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit flew out of their Immortal Gu House, attacking Duke Mei and Duke Tong.</p> 
<p>Fairy Miao Yin activated wondrous hand profound sound, her eight arms stretched out elegantly.</p> 
<p>Lady White Rabbit had lumps of light surrounding her, her aura surged intensely.</p> 
<p>The two immortals charged forward, Duke Mei was the first to block them, after a few rounds, Lady White Rabbit noticed a weakness and got around Duke Mei to attack Duke Tong.</p> 
<p>Duke Tong was interrupted, he had to cancel his bronze ring killer move and fight White Rabbit instead.</p> 
<p>The four immortals clashed and parted continuously, nobody could interrupt their battle.</p> 
<p>Duke Mei and Duke Tong had rank eight cultivation level and their battle strength was on par with Qin Ding Ling, but they did not have pseudo venerable battle strength like Duke Long.</p> 
<p>Dragon Soul Dark Castle and Red Heavenly Altar regained freedom, they charged at the immortal graveyard, trying to destroy it!</p> 
<p>Rumble!</p> 
<p>These two Immortal Gu Houses had just charged forward when a Gu Immortal repelled them.</p> 
<p>This Gu Immortal had a calm expression, his nose was tall and his eyes were deep, his shoulders were lifted up as they held up one mini mountain each.</p> 
<p>"With me, Uncle Feng, here, don't even think of destroying the immortal graveyard." Uncle Feng blocked the path of the two Immortal Gu Houses, he had the demeanor of a person trying to stop an army.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's subordinates were not ready to give up, they controlled the Immortal Gu Houses to attack.</p> 
<p>But Uncle Feng fought similarly to Lu Wei Yin, they were specialized in defense, even with the attack of the two Immortal Gu Houses, he still held them off.</p> 
<p>"What do we do now?" A Gu Immortal in Red Heavenly Altar asked.</p> 
<p>Currently, Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit were fighting against Duke Mei and Duke Tong, the mission of destroying the immortal graveyard was in the hands of these two Immortal Gu Houses.</p> 
<p>"No worries, he has already been hit by our method." The immortals in Dragon Soul Dark Castle snickered.</p> 
<p>Guh.</p> 
<p>As he said that, Uncle Feng's expression turned ashen, he spat out pieces of soul fragments.</p> 
<p>"A soul path method?" Uncle Feng frowned.</p> 
<p>In his era, there was no soul path.</p> 
<p>Right at this moment, a newly awakened Gu Immortal flew out of the immortal graveyard.</p> 
<p>"It seems like my awakening was timely." This female immortal was just a soul, she had no body.</p> 
<p>She blew at Uncle Feng lightly.</p> 
<p>This blue-gray breath reached Uncle Feng's body and quickly fused into his soul.</p> 
<p>Uncle Feng felt a sense of relief, his soul injury was rapidly healing.</p> 
<p>"Oh no, this is Heavenly Court's soul path great expert from Spectral Soul's era, Fairy Maiden Soul who is on par with Thunder Ghost True Monarch. She is most skilled at healing methods!" The Gu Immortals in Dragon Soul Dark Castle had a change of expression.</p> 
<p>The ones in Red Heavenly Altar gritted their teeth: "Kill this healing Gu Immortal first, otherwise, all our efforts will be nullified by her."</p> 
<p>The battle erupted again, the two Immortal Gu Houses focused their target on Fairy Maiden Soul.</p> 
<p>All sorts of killer moves were unleashed, Uncle Feng defended desperately, both sides gave it their all as the sky turned dark from their clash, winds and waves were rising.</p> 
<p>While they were in a deadlock, another immortal awakened and joined the battle.</p> 
<p>This immortal had a round head and large ears, he wore a loose robe and qi path aura surged around him.</p> 
<p>Boom boom boom!</p> 
<p>As the air exploded, the qi path immortal charged in between the two Immortal Gu Houses.</p> 
<p>"Take this move — Rugged Fiendish Qi."</p> 
<p>The qi path immortal shouted as he waved his sleeves, blowing out countless traces of fiendish qi.</p> 
<p>The fiendish qi gathered and took form, becoming huge rocks that turned into mountains and valleys, enveloping the two Immortal Gu Houses.</p> 
<p>Red Heavenly Altar and Dragon Soul Dark Castle tried to charge out at the first moment, destroying countless fiendish qi mountains.</p> 
<p>But after these mountains shattered, they quickly formed again to obstruct the Immortal Gu Houses.</p> 
<p>"This is... Senior Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch!" Uncle Feng and Fairy Maiden Soul were surprised.</p> 
<p>Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch was a famous qi path expert renowned in history, after he became rank eight and traveled the world, he purposely looked for the fiendish qi sea springs and created the Shabi from them. He refined a total of ninety-nine Shabi, he formed a grand army with them. These Shabi were compatible with his immortal killer moves, he could use them extremely well, during that era, almost nobody could rival him.</p> 
<p>The current Shabi Ninety-five was one of them, after a long period of time, its strength had risen to legendary immemorial beast level.</p> 
<p>With the help of Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch, Heavenly Court managed to defend the immortal graveyard.</p> 
<p>Thereafter, more and more Gu Immortals awakened, Heavenly Court survived the initial stage which was the most dangerous, they started counterattacking.</p> 
<p>Many Gu Immortals directly got around the small battlefield and tried to reinforce Book Mountain.</p> 
<p>"Giant Sun Immortal Venerable! Are you there? Come out and meet me!" Golden Hooped Great Immortal shouted in deep anger.</p> 
<p>He had once invited Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to tour Heavenly Court, during that time, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable planted a seed that erupted during the fate war, causing Longevity Heaven to arrive in Heavenly Court and cause huge losses to them.</p> 
<p>"Ninety-five, come here." Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch blocked Demon Immortal Qi Jue and beckoned Shabi Ninety-five.</p> 
<p>"Master." Shabi Ninety-five was filled with admiration and fear, it went to Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch with injuries all over the body.</p> 
<p>Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch petted it lightly, Shabi Ninety-five instantly became revitalized, its injuries mostly healed.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue had a dark expression, with the appearance of Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch, his plan of capturing Shabi Ninety-five became hopeless.</p> 
<p>"Stop him!" Right at this moment, Fairy Ming Hao shouted.</p> 
<p>Zhan Bu Du moved like a raging dragon, he arrived at the middle of the mountain from the southeast direction.</p> 
<p>Behind him, Qing Chou was chasing relentlessly but it was obstructed by Profound Frost House and Red River Pavilion, it could not move quickly enough to stop Zhan Bu Du.</p> 
<p>Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch took in a deep breath: "You are one of the clones of the current generation demon, Fang Yuan? Let me have a taste of your power."</p> 
<p>Right when he was about to go, Demon Immortal Qi Jue blocked him.</p> 
<p>The latter chuckled: "You think you can leave?"</p> 
<p>Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch had a solemn expression: "Since senior insists, then I, the junior, will have to risk my life to face you in battle."</p> 
<p>"Where are you going?" Gu Yue Fang Zheng shouted loudly.</p> 
<p>Demon Judgment Board which was flying around the place quickly arrived, but with a loud sound, it was sent flying by the Unbreakable Golden Fortress that had just arrived as well.</p> 
<p>"Help Zhan Bu Du to fight his way to the peak of the mountain." The other immortals saw a chance, they took action and blocked the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals for Zhan Bu Du.</p> 
<p>Fairy Ming Hao saw this and sighed deeply, she had no choice but to fly out and stand in front of Zhan Bu Du: "Wait..."</p> 
<p>"Get lost!"</p> 
<p>Zhan Bu Du shouted, sweeping his arm fiercely.</p> 
<p>Boom!</p> 
<p>Fairy Ming Hao's body was covered in dazzling starlight, even though she blocked this move, her entire person was sent flying like a cannonball, she crashed through many rocks on Book Mountain before stopping.</p>
    </body>
</html>
