<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2268: Awkwardness of the Anti-Fang Alliance</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2268: Awkwardness of the Anti-Fang Alliance</h1>
        <p>Western Desert, Fang clan’s headquarters.</p>
<p>“Open!” Mo Sha Ta shouted.</p>
<p>The killer move was activated, the immortal formation ahead was forced open.</p>
<p>The inside was completely empty.</p>
<p>Not a shred of resources were left, it was completely barren.</p>
<p>“This again!” Many Gu Immortals were angry and frustrated.</p>
<p>“Emptied, they emptied this as well...” Some muttered to themselves with expressions of</p>
<p>dejectedness.</p>
<p>“Fang clan is so ruthless!” Some Gu Immortals’ eyes were spewing fire, they gritted their teeth</p>
<p>angrily.</p>
<p>“Just Fang clan alone cannot have such manpower or methods, they must be backed by</p>
<p>Heaven Refining Demon Venerable!” Some of the Gu Immortals felt helpless.</p>
<p>This was Fang clan’s final resource point.</p>
<p>Like the earlier resource points, nothing was left to the anti-Fang alliance.</p>
<p>The Gu Immortals discussed among themselves, it was a rowdy scene.</p>
<p>This was too different from their expectations!</p>
<p>Fang clan had not only emptied the resource points, they also left the immortal formations</p>
<p>behind. These immortal formations were created using natural dao marks and immortal</p>
<p>materials.</p>
<p>When the anti-Fang alliance tried to break the immortal formation, they had to spend immortal</p>
<p>essence as well.</p>
<p>They wasted a bunch of immortal essence and ended up with no gains.</p>
<p>Looking at these deep pits or desolate land, the anti-Fang alliance’s members had grim</p>
<p>expressions.</p>
<p>Xiao Ye Hu did not even have the energy to get angry.</p>
<p>He was feeling regret.</p>
<p>“Had I known this, I would not have interfered in this stupid matter!”</p>
<p>Xiao Ye Hu’s own injuries had not healed yet, and most importantly, his Immortal Gu House</p>
<p>Chamber Pot was ruined.</p>
<p>It was not that he had no gains, but the things he got could not make up for his losses.</p>
<p>Wan Gu Chou looked at this scene and sighed internally, she was also feeling quite helpless.</p>
<p>In her first life, she had not seen any super force with no bottom line like this, it was truly a new</p>
<p>experience now.</p>
<p>She led the anti-Fang alliance and attacked, along the route, they did not meet any Fang clan</p>
<p>Gu Immortal, even though they broke many immortal formations, there were no resource points</p>
<p>inside, many of the immortal formations were even tampered with, if they could not open it</p>
<p>properly, it would explode!</p>
<p>This was too devious!</p>
<p>Many Gu Immortals suffered injuries because of this.</p>
<p>Even Fang clan’s headquarters had been relocated, it could not be found.</p>
<p>This was a public blessed land, but Fang clan actually had a method to relocate the immortal</p>
<p>aperture!</p>
<p>There was a saying on Earth, the monk can run away but the temple cannot, but now, Fang clan</p>
<p>directly brought the temple with them.</p>
<p>Even though Wan Gu Chou did not know this saying, her mood was just as horrible.</p>
<p>Even though they defeated Fang clan, Wan Gu Chou was not feeling happy at all, she was</p>
<p>instead filled with worries.</p>
<p>Fang clan vanished but they retained most of their battle strength.</p>
<p>Right now, it was Wan clan and the other super forces’ turn to feel worried. It was possible that</p>
<p>Fang clan would attack one of their resource points one day, and the chance of defending it was</p>
<p>low!</p>
<p>Fang clan did not have resource points left, they did not need to have Gu Immortals stationed to</p>
<p>guard them. If they attacked all at once, they could turn their passive situation into an active</p>
<p>one.</p>
<p>Wan Gu Chou looked at the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>In this situation, Heavenly Court and Wan clan were on the same side, their benefits were tied</p>
<p>together.</p>
<p>And in fact, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had issued orders long ago to exterminate</p>
<p>the whole of Fang clan.</p>
<p>Thus, after Zhou Xiong Xin sensed Wan Gu Chou’s gaze, he said without hesitation: ”Fang</p>
<p>clan’s actions are crippling their foundation, they have completely submitted to Heaven Refining</p>
<p>Demon Venerable. This means that Fang clan is the same as Fang Yuan, they are all demons,</p>
<p>they are threats to this world!”</p>
<p>“Don’t say these things to us, what are we going to do now?” The other Western Desert Gu</p>
<p>Immortals did not want to hear his talk.</p>
<p>Zhou Xiong Xin smiled: ”Our Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable predicted that this</p>
<p>would happen, she sent me here specially to find clues and information about Fang clan’s</p>
<p>traces. Once we find something, the anti-Fang alliance will be able to go all-out and eradicate</p>
<p>Fang clan.”</p>
<p>Wan Zi Hong, who was beside him, knew why Fang clan acted like this.</p>
<p>Some time ago, she had raised a suggestion to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable but the</p>
<p>plan to recruit Fang clan was rejected. At that point, Wan Zi Hong knew that Fang clan had no</p>
<p>way to surrender. Heavenly Court needed to intimidate everyone by showing a tough stance on</p>
<p>this matter, in this situation, even she would react the same.</p>
<p>The anti-Fang alliance was too dragged on and slow in its movements, it gave Fang clan and</p>
<p>Fang Yuan ample time to relocate their resources.</p>
<p>The best tactic of the anti-Fang alliance was to immediately attack Fang clan.</p>
<p>But they spent too much time discussing their internal affairs.</p>
<p>Negotiations took time after all, only after they finished distributing the supposed benefits did the</p>
<p>anti-Fang alliance move out.</p>
<p>But Wan Zi Hong understood them.</p>
<p>If they did not do this, the anti-Fang alliance would not be able to send Gu Immortals out or</p>
<p>come up with an appropriate tactic.</p>
<p>Risks and benefits were interlinked.</p>
<p>Only by confirming the benefit distribution would they be able to assign the clans to attack first</p>
<p>and which ones to stay at the back, the entire anti-Fang alliance would have motivation to do</p>
<p>this as well.</p>
<p>This alliance had been established for too short of a period, many of the Gu Immortals came</p>
<p>from super forces that were not willing to take anyone’s lead, there was nobody who could have</p>
<p>sufficient authority or strength to take charge.</p>
<p>Without temptation, this anti-Fang alliance would not have even been able to form.</p>
<p>Like earlier, Wan clan had to pay out of their own pockets to lure the various super forces to</p>
<p>send people and organize the anti-Fang alliance. After Wan Gu Chou was exposed, they used</p>
<p>Fang clan’s assets to tempt them.</p>
<p>Without any clear distribution of benefits, the anti-Fang alliance could not send anyone.</p>
<p>If battle broke out and Fang clan retaliated forcefully, the Gu Immortals would immediately</p>
<p>retreat and protect themselves, without clear benefits, nobody would take any risk.</p>
<p>But Fang clan was forced into a corner, they were united at this moment.</p>
<p>In this situation, Fang clan was like a clenched fist while the anti-Fang alliance was like a pile of</p>
<p>loose sand, it was likely that they would fail.</p>
<p>Thus, the process of negotiating benefits was a necessity.</p>
<p>“But my strength alone is not enough. Everyone, you should know about the threat that Fang</p>
<p>clan poses, we need to get rid of these demonic path scoundrels as soon as possible, I would</p>
<p>like you to send information path Gu Immortals to assist in pursuing them.” Zhou Xiong Xin said.</p>
<p>“Fang clan is in the demonic path, they are no longer a righteous path super force, it is</p>
<p>everyone’s duty to eradicate them!” Western Desert’s Gu Immortals nodded.</p>
<p>“But we returned with no gains from this, Wan clan and Heavenly Court have to give us a proper</p>
<p>answer!”</p>
<p>“Indeed, indeed, in this situation, we can’t leave empty handed, right?”</p>
<p>“If we leave without any gains, we will be too disappointed in you, Wan clan. If Fang clan attacks</p>
<p>again, how can anyone come to support the anti-Fang alliance?”</p>
<p>The Gu Immortals went into a commotion again.</p>
<p>Wan Gu Chou felt a huge headache!</p>
<p>She thought about it and secretly transmitted to Xiao Ye Hu.</p>
<p>“Friend from Xiao clan, don’t be anxious, my Wan clan will guarantee your benefits first.”</p>
<p>“Accordingly, the first ancestor of Fang clan was the sole Gu Immortal in their clan. Back then,</p>
<p>Fang clan occupied moving rock crevice and was the smallest super force in Western Desert.</p>
<p>“When the sand calamity appeared, Fang clan’s first ancestor was faced with a choice. He could</p>
<p>have created an immortal formation and sacrificed some Fang clan mortals to block the sand</p>
<p>calamity. But he chose to protect Fang clan’s people and left, giving up moving rock crevice in</p>
<p>the process. Such an extreme nature is truly rare, but it is not hard to understand why he did</p>
<p>that.”</p>
<p>“Friend, you have captured many Fang clansmen, even though they are just from branch</p>
<p>families, we can still make use of Fang clan’s nature.”</p>
<p>Xiao clan was the strongest super force besides Wan clan, Wan Gu Chou had to pacify them</p>
<p>first.</p>
<p>Strength was the most important thing in a negotiation.</p>
<p>After getting Wan Gu Chou’s assurance, Xiao Ye Hu’s expression eased up and he stopped</p>
<p>creating a scene.</p>
<p>Wan Gu Chou’s words could be trusted, this was the attitude of the righteous path after all.</p>
<p>Furthermore, even if Wan Gu Chou disregarded her reputation and refused to pay, what could</p>
<p>Xiao Ye Hu do?</p>
<p>“Sell! I will sell these Fang clansmen as slaves to humiliate Fang clan! We can also tamper with</p>
<p>these people and use them to find out the location of Fang clan’s immortals.”</p>
<p>Xiao Ye Hu gritted his teeth and firmed up his mind.</p>
<p>A moment later, in treasure yellow heaven.</p>
<p>“Where, where is this?” Wang Xiao Er gasped.</p>
<p>The surrounding people were screaming in fear too, there was a loud commotion around them.</p>
<p>These people were floating in treasure yellow heaven, a formless force was restrained them,</p>
<p>keeping them in place together.</p>
<p>Thus, Wang Xiao Er felt horrible, he was not stepping on ground and he was surrounded by</p>
<p>people, they were all squeezing around him.</p>
<p>“We were sold!”</p>
<p>“This is the legendary treasure yellow heaven.”</p>
<p>Some knowledgeable Gu Masters explained the truth.</p>
<p>Fang clan’s members had pale expressions.</p>
<p>This was the consequence of losing!</p>
<p>“Fang clan’s Gu Immortals, listen to this. You have betrayed the righteous path and fallen into</p>
<p>the demonic path, you are the shame of Western Desert’s righteous path. Even if you ran away,</p>
<p>you will still face our judgment!”</p>
<p>“These people are all members of Fang clan. They are innocent, but because of you, they are</p>
<p>now slaves, this is all your fault.”</p>
<p>Xiao Ye Hu’s will entered treasure yellow heaven and spread the news, trying to humiliate Fang</p>
<p>clan.</p>
<p>Such words made the Fang clansmen cry out in deeper anguish.</p>
<p>“Will anyone save us!”</p>
<p>“Lord ancestors, we are here.”</p>
<p>“Why are you crying? Don’t be a disgrace to Fang clan.”</p>
<p>The best situation for them was to be bought by Fang clan’s Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>Wang Xiao Er was among them, he shouted alongside the rest.</p>
<p>He was feeling very uneasy now.</p>
<p>He was treated as a Fang clan member because the situation was too chaotic earlier. Fang</p>
<p>clan’s members did not know that an external Gu Master was mixed among them.</p>
<p>Different from the rest, Wang Xiao Er did not want to be bought by Fang clan Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>Because the Fang clan Gu Immortals knew he was an outsider, not long ago, Fang Dong Xi had</p>
<p>not just interrogated him roughly, he even used all sorts of vicious methods to torture Wang Xiao</p>
<p>Er before healing him.</p>
<p>“Chaotic times are starting, Fang clan is a super force but it has actually gotten into this state.”</p>
<p>“They courted death!”</p>
<p>“Fang clan definitely did not want to kill Wan clan’s first supreme elder, they held back. In my</p>
<p>opinion, Wan clan’s first supreme elder was too useless, he actually died so easily.”</p>
<p>“Right now, Wan clan is different. With Wan Gu Chou’s revival, they will rise up to power again</p>
<p>with such a legendary expert.”</p>
<p>“Cooperating with Fang Yuan will give us Immortal Gu transactions. But working with Heavenly</p>
<p>Court will allow us to revive Gu Immortals. They are both quite attractive!”</p>
<p>Fang clan’s members were now slaves, this was a warning to many Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>The five regions chaotic war had not started, but the super forces had already started to</p>
<p>destabilize.</p>
<p>At once, all of them felt varying emotions, Fang clan’s predicament was also their concern for</p>
<p>the future.</p>
<p>“How are you selling these human slaves?” Some people put up bids.</p>
<p>Human slaves were getting rarer and rarer, for the last hundred years, there were no such large</p>
<p>scale human slave trade activities.</p>
<p>After all, capturing human enemies and selling them as slaves was an undeniable demonic act.</p>
<p>But right now, these Fang clan members had lost the battle, there was a proper excuse to sell</p>
<p>them.</p>
    </body>
</html>