<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2170: Thieving Heaven Versus Limitless</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2170: Thieving Heaven Versus Limitless</h1>
        
        <p>Crash crash crash....</p> 
<p>A series of brutal assaults hit Yin Wu Que, who was on the ground.</p> 
<p>Yin Wu Que shielded his head with both arms, he was curled up into a ball, desperately activating his defensive killer move!</p> 
<p>However, after a barrage of punches and kicks, his defensive method soon broke apart.</p> 
<p>"I admit defeat, I admit defeat!" Yin Wu Que shouted loudly in panic and desperation.</p> 
<p>"Fairy Black Moon, it's over, spare him." Wu Guang who was at the side came to urge her.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan was only wanting to spar and had no intention to kill, immediately, she stopped using her method.</p> 
<p>She turned to Chen Cheng and asked: "Yin Wu Que has been defeated, who is the next opponent?"</p> 
<p>While she was asking, two Gu Immortals flew over from the sky.</p> 
<p>One female and one male immortal.</p> 
<p>The male had a skinny body and a sharp face, he had bean-like eyes, he emitted rank seven light path aura.</p> 
<p>The female immortal had the body of a young child, her eyes were watery and bright, her petite body was cute and delicate, she was a rank seven wood path Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>They were Liu tribe's Liu Chang and Liu Luo.</p> 
<p>Chen Cheng and Wu Guang looked at each other, they did not speak.</p> 
<p>Liu Luo was the first to ask: "What is happening here?"</p> 
<p>As nobody answered her, Liu Luo quickly turned to Yin Wu Que.</p> 
<p>Yin Wu Que was still lying on the ground, he received Wu Guang's treatment as he smiled bitterly: "This Fairy Black Moon came to challenge me, she has outstanding methods, I am not her match."</p> 
<p>Liu Chang heard this and his eyes shined, he smiled and said: "Fairy Black Moon? May I have the honor of knowing your name? To think that a new outstanding figure would emerge in Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world."</p> 
<p>Liu Luo mocked Yin Wu Que: "Yin Wu Que, do you know the difficulties of a lone immortal now? Our Liu tribe invited you to be our external supreme elder, it is something that would benefit you. At least, after joining our tribe, if any Gu Immortal challenges you, it will incur the wrath of my Liu tribe!"</p> 
<p>Yin Wu Que smiled bitterly and shook his head: "Thank you for the repeated offer, but I am used to being alone, I have no intention of joining any super force."</p> 
<p>Liu Luo frowned: "Can you not see what's good for you?"</p> 
<p>Ever since the fate war ended, in order to prepare against the five regions chaotic war, Longevity Heaven had ordered the various Huang Jin tribes to unify Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world. Many Gu Immortals were recruited into Huang Jin tribes, while many demonic immortals were killed as well.</p> 
<p>At the other side, Hei Lou Lan showed no intention of answering Liu Chang's question.</p> 
<p>She said to Chen Cheng: "Let's go."</p> 
<p>"Hold on!" Liu Luo's sharp voice interrupted her, she looked at Hei Lou Lan: "You are very brazen, do you not know that Yin Wu Que is the target of our Liu tribe's recruitment? Now that you injured him, you want to leave so easily?"</p> 
<p>"Sister." Liu Chang called out, feeling helpless internally.</p> 
<p>Liu Luo had just gone from rank six to seven, with the rise in strength, her temperament was also more arrogant now.</p> 
<p>If she was alone, she might not act like this, but with her brother Liu Chang here with her to rely on, Liu Luo showed a casual and carefree attitude.</p> 
<p>But because Liu Chang doted on his sister, he did not chide her, he stared at Hei Lou Lan: "Fairy, why be in a rush to leave? Are you interested in joining our Liu tribe? If you can become Liu tribe's external supreme elder..."</p> 
<p>"Shut your dog mouth." Hei Lou Lan replied plainly.</p> 
<p>"What?" Liu Chang was stumped.</p> 
<p>Liu Luo stared with wide eyes, she was filled with rage and shock: "How dare you! Bitch..."</p> 
<p>Before she finished, Hei Lou Lan interrupted again: "Two dogs that block my way, bark once more and I will kill you."</p> 
<p>Seeing that the situation was going out of control, Chen Cheng quickly came in to mediate the situation.</p> 
<p>Liu Luo called out in a shrill voice: "Today's matter will not end like this, I want to see if..."</p> 
<p>Boom!</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan attacked fiercely, a strength path phantom appeared before Liu Luo abruptly, punching the latter's face and sending her flying.</p> 
<p>"Sister!" Liu Chang was enraged, he was about to attack.</p> 
<p>Boom, he was also sent flying by Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>Liu Chang was a famous rank seven expert of Northern Plains, his strength far exceeded Liu Luo, he quickly stabilized his footing and said: "You dare to attack us Gu Immortals of Liu tribe?"</p> 
<p>Boom boom boom!</p> 
<p>Eight strength path phantoms appeared around Hei Lou Lan, the dark capital strength tiger totem was also summoned, beating the Liu tribe siblings to a pulp.</p> 
<p>"This, this, this..." Chen Cheng watched with a dumbfounded expression.</p> 
<p>"It cannot be resolved amicably now." Wu Guang was tongue-tied, he smiled bitterly towards Yin Wu Que: "So Fairy Black Moon's temperament is like this, Brother Yin, it was really lucky that you managed to survive at her hands."</p> 
<p>Yin Wu Que snorted: "If Fairy Black Moon really kills the Liu tribe siblings, do you think Liu tribe or Longevity Heaven will let us off?"</p> 
<p>Wu Guang was dazed, he showed an unsightly expression.</p> 
<p>"Are we going to take action to help the Liu tribe siblings?" Wu Guang asked helplessly.</p> 
<p>Yin Wu Que gritted his teeth: "Do you want to hug Longevity Heaven's smelly feet? Ever since Giant Sun Immortal Venerable created the Imperial Court contest, the entirety of Northern Plains became his kingdom. For the last three hundred thousand years, have we, the lone cultivators of Northern Plains, not suffered enough?"</p> 
<p>Most of the immortals knew about the truth behind the Imperial Court contest.</p> 
<p>Northern Plains' lone immortals and demonic cultivators had a poor impression of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. Back then, Five Elements Grandmaster, who was still a lone cultivator, invaded Longevity Heaven, he was the proof of this mindset.</p> 
<p>Longevity Heaven desired to rule Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world, but the difficulty was too high.</p> 
<p>Many Gu Immortal experts did not want to submit to the Huang Jin tribes, they did not want to obey the words of these people they detested.</p> 
<p>With the exception of two cases.</p> 
<p>One was during the five regions chaotic war, when Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world faced great external pressure, these Gu Immortals would have no choice but to band together as one.</p> 
<p>The second was if Giant Sun Immortal Venerable revives successfully, his invincible might would force all these demonic immortals and lone cultivators to submit to him.</p> 
<p>The truth was, even in the five hundred years of Fang Yuan's previous life, Longevity Heaven managed to unify Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world because of Ma Hong Yun.</p> 
<p>Ma Hong Yun had the power of Fortune Rivalling Heaven, he seemed to be someone who started from a humble origin, he was able to unite many lone and demonic immortals as a result. But he was in fact Longevity Heaven's chess piece, an arrangement of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p> 
<p>By relying on this, Longevity Heaven was able to unify Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world after the five regions chaotic war started.</p> 
<p>But now, the five regions chaotic war had yet to start while Ma Hong Yun was killed by Fang Yuan, the difficulty for Longevity Heaven to unite Northern Plains was simply much harder.</p> 
<p>"Fairy Black Moon, I will definitely find you in the future to repay the shame of today's defeat." Liu Chang brought Liu Luo away, they escaped in anger.</p> 
<p>He was very strong but he could not display his strength.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan targeted Liu Luo constantly, it made Liu Chang hold many reservations, he could only take hits passively, it was a terrible feeling.</p> 
<p>"They finally escaped." Chen Cheng let out a breath of air, he had been holding his breath in anxiety earlier.</p> 
<p>"Hmph, they cannot escape. After I defeat the lone and demonic immortal experts, I will challenge these Huang Jin tribes, I will let the whole of Northern Plains know of my might." Hei Lou Lan smiled coldly.</p> 
<p>Chen Cheng was feeling a headache, he did not expect his master to have such grand ambitions. not only did she want to defeat the lone and demonic immortals, she even wanted to challenge Northern Plains' overlords, the Huang Jin super tribes!</p> 
<p>"Fairy, if you have such an ambition, I, Yin Wu Que, am willing to travel alongside you as your entourage." Yin Wu Que was standing with Wu Guang's help, he walked towards Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>"Oh?" Hei Lou Lan raised her brows.</p> 
<p>Yin Wu Que smiled bitterly: "The truth is, if I do not travel with you, when Liu tribe's Gu Immortals come to find me, they will not let me off. I do not want to be a member of the Huang Jin tribe."</p> 
<p>"Alright." Hei Lou Lan nodded: "Back then, Chu Du also wanted to challenge the Huang Jin tribes. We both cultivate strength path, how can I be inferior to him? Let's go together."</p> 
<p>"I will come along too." Wu Guang said: "This is an interesting matter, I want to watch it with my own eyes."</p> 
<p>Thus, Hei Lou Lan's group grew larger again.</p> 
<p>Crazed Demon Cave, eighth layer.</p> 
<p>Three hundred thousand years ago.</p> 
<p>In the void, worlds were created and destroyed like bubbles.</p> 
<p>Suddenly, chains appeared, making loud clanking sounds as they formed into a chain domain that intertwined in the surrounding area.</p> 
<p>"I was actually discovered." Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was slightly surprised, having been forced to reveal himself.</p> 
<p>Limitless Demon Venerable's will appeared: "Do stop, new venerable. The Space Door that you seek is not here."</p> 
<p>As he spoke, countless chains shot out towards Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable from all directions.</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable moved like lightning, traversing between the chains, he was agile like a fish in water.</p> 
<p>"Limitless Demon Venerable's will?" Excitement shined in his eyes: "How do you know I am looking for Space Door? Are you saying that because you do not want me to destroy your arrangements in Crazed Demon Cave? You hid the ninth layer too deeply, I actually could not decipher it immediately, why don't you let me in and take a look, as long as Space Door is not there, I will take my leave!"</p> 
<p>Limitless Demon Venerable's will said: "Thieving Heaven, even though I do not leave Crazed Demon Cave, I know many things about the current world. The current you cannot even control yourself, how can I allow you to enter the ninth layer?"</p> 
<p>"Cannot control myself? Why can't I control myself?" Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable raised a brow: "I just want to go home, I just want to go back and see my friends and family, but all of you want to obstruct me!!"</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable spoke with increasing agitation.</p> 
<p>Limitless Demon Venerable was silent, the chains attacked even more fiercely now.</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable snorted coldly, he stopped moving far away, no longer dodging.</p> 
<p>A blinding blue jewel-like light burst out with radiance, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable activated his killer move, the blue light faded, forming into a huge suit of armor around his body, turning him into a metallic giant.</p> 
<p>The metallic giant was covered in electric sparks, it moved rapidly towards Limitless Demon Venerable's will.</p> 
<p>The endless chains came to obstruct him but they were all pushed aside by the metallic giant.</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable rode in the metallic giant and charged his way forward, forcing his way to the central area of the chain domain, grabbing onto Limitless Demon Venerable's will.</p> 
<p>But at the next moment, Limitless Demon Venerable's will dissipated.</p> 
<p>At almost the same time, another lump of Limitless' will appeared, saying calmly: "This is Crazed Demon Cave, my will can regenerate endlessly in here, there is a limitless supply of it."</p> 
<p>"Is that so?" Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable smiled coldly: "Then have a taste of my methods."</p> 
<p>Bam bam bam...</p> 
<p>A shocking battle erupted at once.</p> 
<p>Within the void, countless worlds were implicated, they were all destroyed in the process.</p> 
<p>Limitless Demon Venerable's will had the territorial advantage, he was able to fight evenly with Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable initially. But as time went by, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was superior after all, he started to gain the upper hand.</p> 
<p>Limitless Demon Venerable had died long ago, this was only his will controlling Crazed Demon Cave after all.</p>
    </body>
</html>
