<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2024: Strategies of the Three Parties</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2024: Strategies of the Three Parties</h1>
        
        <p>Within Dragon Palace, the atmosphere was heavy.</p> 
<p>"The situation has become like this, what do you all think about it?" Wu Shuai was the only person seated, he had already gathered the alliance's immortals and explained to them the actions that Qi Sea Ancestor took inside Profound Literature grotto-heaven.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court tried all ways to conceal the information but at the same time, Wu Shuai informed all of the Gu Immortals within the two heavens alliance.</p> 
<p>After hearing this nightmarish news, the response was huge as all of the immortals' expressions changed.</p> 
<p>"Is this for real?" Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch asked immediately before reacting to what he had said, his face turned pale: "I am not questioning Lord Alliance Leader, but this is truly too sudden and surprising."</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai snorted coldly: "Do I need to lie to you?"</p> 
<p>"This is not good!" Xiao He Jian's expression was solemn: "Qi Sea Ancestor is a qi path great expert, since Demon Immortal Qi Jue was able to use a qi harvest fruit to revive, then there is also a high chance that Qi Sea Ancestor can get rid of the threatening qi harvest fruits. If the enemy has a method to get rid of the qi harvest fruits, they will have a complete upper hand in this situation."</p> 
<p>"Indeed, indeed."</p> 
<p>"What do we do now?"</p> 
<p>"My tribe's grotto-heaven's qi harvest fruit has already grown to a huge size, if we do not get rid of it, it will explode soon."</p> 
<p>"But our experiments have not succeeded once, we already ruined many grotto-heavens."</p> 
<p>"It is impossible for us to come to a peaceful truce with Qi Sea Ancestor, we should be wary of them using this chance to attack us!"</p> 
<p>The immortals discussed as their tone contained fear and panic.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul who was acting as Lady Cold Ash stood among them, cheering secretly. He wanted the war to start as soon as possible, if there was chaos, he would gain a great opportunity to take action.</p> 
<p>Night Heavenly Wolf Lord showed the same attitude as the rest but he was happy on the inside. He had already joined Heavenly Court, this situation was very advantageous to him.</p> 
<p>"Panicking to this degree, what a disgrace!" Gu tribe's leader suddenly shouted.</p> 
<p>Everyone looked towards him.</p> 
<p>Even though Gu tribe's leader joined the two heavens alliance, he had always been silent. But everyone knew that he was the closest person to Wu Shuai. In terms of Wu Shuai's trust, he surpassed Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian, who were both vice alliance leaders!</p> 
<p>Gu tribe's leader suddenly spoke, Xiao He Jian shook internally as he realized something. Before he spoke, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch had already taken the initiative: "With Lord Alliance Leader here, we have nothing to fear. At this crucial juncture of life and death, I am willing to follow Lord Alliance Leader and listen to your commands."</p> 
<p>Xiao He Jian cursed internally but he quickly followed: "I will listen to Lord Alliance Leader's decision!"</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai nodded slightly, snorting: "The current situation is critical, if we sit and wait here, we will definitely perish, there is no exception. We have to fight with all our strength now for a hope of survival. They are able to eliminate the qi harvest fruit because of Qi Sea Ancestor's method. As long as we do our best and kill Qi Sea Ancestor, we will gain complete victory. Even if we cannot kill him, as long as we gravely injure him, the situation will also be alleviated."</p> 
<p>After Wu Shuai said that, Gu tribe's leader immediately shouted: "Alliance Leader is wise!"</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai looked at Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian, these two vice alliance leaders immediately shouted: "Alliance Leader is wise, this plan is superb!"</p> 
<p>"What ideas do you all have? If anyone has a better suggestion, you can tell us now." Wu Shuai purposely asked the other Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>But what ideas could these people have?</p> 
<p>In fact, Wu Shuai said he was going to attack the enemies because he had no other choice now, this was their only hope. Other than this, could they surrender to Qi Sea Ancestor?</p> 
<p>It was not that they did not know this, but nobody had the guts to say it. Forest Lightning grotto-heaven was the best example, everyone saw that pitiful end, who would still dare to follow in its footsteps?</p> 
<p>"Since everyone agrees, we will discuss about the way we will send our troops, we will use our time efficiently and catch the enemy off guard." Wu Shuai said as he decided with lightning speed.</p> 
<p>Gu tribe's leader added: "Lord Alliance Leader is right, every second we waste now will mean the enemy gets an additional second of advantage."</p> 
<p>Immediately, the immortals started to discuss their offensive strategy.</p> 
<p>This discussion lasted nearly an hour before they came up with a refined plan.</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai opened the door of Dragon Palace, ordering the immortals to make preparations, they would move out in seven days.</p> 
<p>Night Heavenly Wolf Lord returned to Night Wolf grotto-heaven, he mobilized his forces and gathered more troops while quickly informing Heavenly Court of this new development.</p> 
<p>After Qin Ding Ling received the information, she summoned the Heavenly Court immortals for a meeting.</p> 
<p>"The situation has changed, it seems that Wu Shuai has some spies around Qi Sea Ancestor."</p> 
<p>"Like I said before, we cannot underestimate Wu Shuai."</p> 
<p>"Since Wu Shuai is going to take the initiative to attack, let's use this chance to take him down!"</p> 
<p>"That will be hard, they have Dragon Palace and Di Zang Sheng to defend them. Unless we can awaken some immortals from the graveyard, we will not have sufficient strength to deal with the enemies."</p> 
<p>"Time is too pressing, we have seven days and the situation will occur far away in Eastern Sea."</p> 
<p>"We can only inform Qi Sea Ancestor now and ask him to make preparations while pretending to be ignorant. When Wu Shuai attacks, he will definitely suffer a setback."</p> 
<p>"Did you forget that Wu Shuai has spies around Qi Sea Ancestor? If Qi Sea Ancestor learns this information from us, it will also likely alert Wu Shuai."</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian suddenly spoke at this time: "Why must we inform Qi Sea Ancestor?"</p> 
<p>The discussions suddenly stopped.</p> 
<p>"Qi Sea Ancestor is our ally, if we do not tell him about this, it will not benefit our alliance."</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian shook his head slowly as he smiled: "As long as we keep quiet, why would Qi Sea Ancestor find out that we know this? Our spy in the two heavens alliance has always been kept as a secret, if we tell him now, the spy might get exposed."</p> 
<p>"We ally with Qi Sea Ancestor because we need his strength to resolve Heavenly Court's problem of the qi harvest fruit, we also want to use him as our pawn to gather an external force that can resist the variant human forces from getting stronger."</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian continued to speak: "And thirdly, if possible, we want to recruit Qi Sea Ancestor into becoming a Heavenly Court member."</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling looked at Prince Feng Xian: "Then in your opinion, what should we do?"</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian breathed in deeply: "In my humble opinion, we should pretend that we do not know this and act according to our original plan. Now that Qi Sea Ancestor has already secretly moved out, he will arrive in Heavenly Court in three days. By then, we can get him to solve our problem of the qi harvest fruit."</p> 
<p>"Heavenly Court is huge and has immense foundation, the qi harvest fruit here is the largest in the world. Qi Sea Ancestor suggested us to create a qi path immortal formation, it will take at least six days to get rid of the qi harvest fruit. We can purposely delay the formation creation time, if Wu Shuai's invasion succeeds, Qi Sea Ancestor's force will suffer a huge loss."</p> 
<p>"Qi Sea Ancestor will become anxious and want to return to help them but as the person controlling the formation, how can he leave? Qi Sea Ancestor's force will be without a leader, they will not be able to defeat Wu Shuai. In fact, even if they get wiped out, so what?"</p> 
<p>"Our strength will not fall while Qi Sea Ancestor will become a loner. By coming to Heavenly Court secretly and failing to protect his force, causing its destruction, his reputation will fall to rock bottom. Eastern Sea's Gu Immortal world will also look down on him. Who would respect someone who goes missing in battle while helping forces of other regions?"</p> 
<p>"At that point, Qi Sea Ancestor will understand that his status in Eastern Sea will never recover. By then, we will have no worries anymore, we can send people to take revenge for him. During the process, we can move him with logic and emotion, by tempting him with future gains, I am sure there is a high chance we can get him to join Heavenly Court."</p> 
<p>The immortals were silent, they looked at each other before looking towards Prince Feng Xian.</p> 
<p>At this moment, all of the immortals' gazes became different from before.</p> 
<p>After hearing Prince Feng Xian's strategy, their impression towards him changed completely!</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian's arms were behind his back, he stopped speaking as he smiled.</p> 
<p>This scheme was vicious, none of the Gu Immortals here thought of it except him, the reason was because of his own life experiences.</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian came from Spirit Affinity House, he was used as a spy initially to develop in Northern Plains. After many years, he became rank eight and also married into Gong tribe, he was the strongest spy in Northern Plains that came from Central Continent.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court's Gu Immortals have been too used to being overlords, their mindsets were also too fixed in place. But all of the immortals here were rank eight elites, they soon understood that Prince Feng Xian's plan was the most advantageous to Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Even if Wu Shuai claims victory, so what?</p> 
<p>Only the grotto-heavens in the two heavens would suffer. Even if Eastern Sea gets involved in the fight, its foundation would not be affected.</p> 
<p>Even if Eastern Sea's righteous path was toppled, that would only be one region. Humanity would still be the ruler of the world!</p> 
<p>"Alright." Qin Ding Ling looked at everyone's expressions as she said, making a decision: "We will act according to Prince Feng Xian's proposal."</p>
    </body>
</html>
