<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2323: Central Continent Held Hostage</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2323: Central Continent Held Hostage</h1>
        <p>“Success! We succeeded!!” Prince Feng Xian shouted loudly, his pale face was filled with excitement.</p>
<p>“I accomplished the mission...” Wan Zi Hong’s eyes were shut, her aura was almost depleted, she had never felt so weak and tired before.</p>
<p>The so-called Four Elements Shifting Formation was only a cover to lure attention away, its true goal was to create an environment for Lin Jian Xing’s sword qi takes form killer move!</p>
<p>Prince Feng Xian, Wan Zi Hong, and the rest had lost in the battle against Lin Jian Xing not long ago.</p>
<p>When they returned, they admitted their blunder to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable with a heavy heart but Star Constellation Immortal Venerable instead rewarded them and said: This was all part of her plan!</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was the number one person in wisdom path since ancient times. In the contest of three venerables, she had relied on all kinds of small clues to deduce that Lin Jian Xing was an otherworldly demon and that his strength had reached pseudo venerable level.</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing was cultivating in seclusion, hiding his strength. The world did not know of his secret.</p>
<p>Although Star Constellation Immortal Venerable deduced it, she kept it a secret.</p>
<p>Then she intentionally sent the five Heavenly Court Gu Immortals to attack Lin Jian Xing. The goal was to use phantom path methods to capture the power of Lin Jian Xing’s killer move.</p>
<p>Everyone knew that the Heavenly Court members’ immortal apertures were phantom apertures.</p>
<p>The injuries that they suffered in the intense battle with Lin Jian Xing were essentially sword path dao marks being engraved on them.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable deduced and modified a phantom path method to make these phantom apertures contain those sword path dao marks and bring them back along with the Heavenly Court members.</p>
<p>The retrieved sword path dao marks could restore Lin Jian Xing’s method after a series of procedures.</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor was struck by this move, he immediately lost his footing and was then attacked by Star Constellation’s will, he did not even have the time to defend when he was sealed.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable concealed the truth and only told the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals of her plan after they returned.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable even apologized to the immortals.</p>
<p>The four Heavenly Court immortals did not dare to accept the apology and only felt intense joy with not even any grievance.</p>
<p>They were loyal to Heavenly Court and realized that it was very reasonable of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to conceal the truth. Only under the condition where they did not know of it could they maintain such a secret and fight with Lin Jian Xing without revealing any flaws in their emotions.</p>
<p>“But why try so hard to capture Lin Jian Xing’s method?” Wan Zi Hong had mentioned this doubt back then.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not reply, only instructing them to follow her arrangements.</p>
<p>When they saw Qi Sea Ancestor being sealed, Prince Feng Xian and Wan Zi Hong finally understood Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s effort.</p>
<p>The most important element was Lin Jian Xing’s power.</p>
<p>First of all, he was a pseudo venerable himself, although he was weaker than Qi Sea Ancestor, Heavenly Court’s replicated sword qi method had gone through many amplifications and was stronger than Lin Jian Xing’s current limit.</p>
<p>Secondly, Lin Jian Xing’s core Immortal Gu was sword qi Gu, although his sword qi was filled with sword path dao marks, it also had dense number of qi path dao marks. It was because of this that it could target Qi Sea Ancestor who cultivated qi path.</p>
<p>Finally, Lin Jian Xing’s sword qi attack was too sudden, Qi Sea Ancestor was truly caught off guard.</p>
<p>“Qi Sea Ancestor is finally sealed. But Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable spent so much effort and trouble to capture Qi Sea Ancestor, what is this for?”</p>
<p>“Qi Sea Ancestor is the strongest clone of Heaven Refining Demon Venerable, maybe it is to restrain Fang Yuan?”</p>
<p>“I heard Fairy Maiden Soul modified Bo Qing’s soul, this shows that clones might be convenient but are also a huge flaw of the main body.”</p>
<p>The other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals discussed as they watched Qi Sea Ancestor being escorted to Heavenly Court’s entrance.</p>
<p>“Stop dreaming!” Right at this time, a venerable landed from the sky.</p>
<p>He was wearing a white robe, his black hair fluttered in the air, his eyes were black like the abyss, and his face showed fury and killing intent.</p>
<p>It was Fang Yuan!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan grabbed Meng Qiu Zhen’s shoulder as he maintained reverse flow protection seal and activated another move.</p>
<p>Immortal killer move — Arrival of Dragon Snake with Dust Fog and Explosive Soul Wind!</p>
<p>Fog billowed, dragons and snakes roared, forming a terrifying attack that fell on Qi Sea Ancestor like a vast heavenly river.</p>
<p>Seeing Fang Yuan trying to kill his strongest clone without any consideration, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable who was close behind showed a solemn expression.</p>
<p>“Friend Fang Yuan, you are indeed vicious! You show no hesitation even when getting rid of your own clone. Unfortunately for you, I am here.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable took back her secluded domain of heaven and earth Mental Domain and stretched her ten fingers. Her fingers pointed repeatedly with such speed that it created multicolored shadows of her moving fingers.</p>
<p>The finger shadows condensed into deep-blue lights that were extremely bright like shining crystals.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s soul fog was constantly cut by the blue crystal light and crumbled rapidly, the remaining power was blocked by Embroidered Tower while some traces of the power reached Qi Sea Ancestor but were blocked by the tight defenses of Star Constellation Chessboard.</p>
<p>“Star Constellation, you!” Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed sharply as he looked at Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>In the previous fight, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had not used such a method. It was not that she did not have them but chose to not use them.</p>
<p>She had been concealing them!</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor being sealed and Fang Yuan counterattacking fiercely were within Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s expectations.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable defended with all her strength, not letting Fang Yuan have any progress.</p>
<p>If it were Star Constellation Immortal Venerable who attacked Qi Sea Ancestor and tried to capture him, she would be obstructed by Fang Yuan and could not succeed easily. With the same logic, Qi Sea Ancestor was already captured now, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had the initiative and it became easier for her to obstruct Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>In the end, under Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s obstruction and protection, Qi Sea Ancestor was escorted into Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>“Master’s revival... there is finally some hope.” A huge rock weighing on Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s mind was lifted at this sight, she could not restrain her joy.</p>
<p>In the contest of three venerables, with Spectral Soul controlling the fused heaven, Giant Sun and Fang Yuan only had one option which was to confront each other and wait for a chance while managing and preparing their forces.</p>
<p>But there was a better option for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>That was to revive other venerables.</p>
<p>Three Immortal Kings appeared in Heavenly Court’s history, if Red Lotus Demon Venerable was also counted, it could be said that they nurtured four venerables.</p>
<p>Among eleven venerables, four were from Heavenly Court, this was a huge number.</p>
<p>Besides this, there were no other super forces that could nurture a venerable.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court was the first and the only super force.</p>
<p>As long as another venerable was revived, Heavenly Court would have a huge advantage.</p>
<p>There was no need to consider Red Lotus for now but Primordial Origin and Genesis Lotus were very good candidates to revive.</p>
<p>From what Star Constellation Immortal Venerable knew, Primordial Origin and Genesis Lotus had two revival methods but they were concealed deeply.</p>
<p>Time was needed to search for clues regarding Genesis Lotus’s self-portrait and Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s Primordial Origin Treasury, it clearly seemed like it would take a long time. But Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable had another revival method, it was the qi harvest fruit.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court’s qi harvest fruit formed Qi Sea Ancestor, so Star Constellation Immortal Venerable wanted to trap Qi Sea and resume the interrupted revival of Primordial Origin.</p>
<p>To do this, Qi Sea Ancestor could not be killed. He needed to be alive to preserve the qi harvest fruit as much as possible.</p>
<p>The difficulty in capturing a pseudo venerable alive was very high!</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor could even endure one or two moves from a venerable and was not without any ability to resist. This was because he had the secluded domain of heaven and earth Hu Land, while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable lacked a rank nine wisdom path or star path Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>Moreover, Fang Yuan had plenty of experience and was very crafty. Normally, he paid a lot of attention to his clones’ safety and stored them in his immortal aperture, very rarely sending them out.</p>
<p>If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable were to make a move personally, the commotion would be too huge and she would be obstructed by Fang Yuan at the very beginning.</p>
<p>Thus, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable began to plan.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court lacked pseudo venerable level battle strength, it was an obvious disadvantage but it could be turned into an advantage if used well.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable set up the star array calculation formation to quicken the cultivation speed of Central Continent’s Gu Immortals and also to use as bait to lure Qi Sea Ancestor.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable then used Lin Jian Xing’s strength as the crucial method to target Qi Sea Ancestor. At the same time, she also showed all kinds of flaws to display her weakness to the enemy.</p>
<p>She still thought all these preparations were not enough.</p>
<p>Heaven path dream realms!</p>
<p>This was an opportunity to Fang Yuan, but was it not a fortuitous encounter for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable?</p>
<p>As long as the enemy’s fortuitous encounter was used properly, it might be one’s own fortuitous encounter!</p>
<p>“Fang Yuan will definitely come!” The moment Star Constellation Immortal Venerable discovered the heaven path dream realms, she knew what Fang Yuan’s action would be.</p>
<p>She could not do anything to the heaven path dream realms and Feng Jin Huang had not grown up, but Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could use them as bait!</p>
<p>In fact, even if Feng Jin Huang was fully matured, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was somewhat doubtful about using this girl.</p>
<p>Feng Jin Huang’s father was Feng Jiu Ge, the latter had an unclear relationship with Red Lotus Demon Venerable. Dream wings Immortal Gu took the initiative to send itself to Feng Jin Huang, it was clearly the fortune of being Great Dream’s seed, and the so-called Great Dream Immortal Venerable was the plan of heaven’s will when fate Gu still existed.</p>
<p>Could such a person be used? Especially at such a crucial time?</p>
<p>The only miscalculation was that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not expect Fang Yuan to move so quickly.</p>
<p>“Since he moved this fast, he definitely has the strength to back himself up.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable already expected this at the start of the battle.</p>
<p>So when Fang Yuan continued to reveal his strength in the battle, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was not as surprised as what she showed on the surface.</p>
<p>“Fang Yuan modified so many methods and has new killer moves, he has very likely obtained wisdom Gu again.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable stood before the entrance of the Heavenly Court and faced Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Starlight shone dazzlingly on this number one person in wisdom path, she said with a smile: ”Friend Fang Yuan, do you dare to come into Heavenly Court?”</p>
<p>Saying so, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable slowly floated backwards and entered Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court’s entrance was still open.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan stood on the spot!</p>
<p>He snorted coldly as he activated killer moves one after the other. First was Arrival of Dragon Snake with Dust Fog and Explosive Soul Wind, then was Shocking Departure of Year Dream Wave and Dang Hun Sound, but both were easily blocked by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s strength surged with the help of Heavenly Court’s countless wisdom path dao marks!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s face was extremely dark as he sneered: ”You are really the number one person in wisdom path, it is truly amazing. How about we undergo a hostage exchange?”</p>
<p>“Fang Yuan, you don’t have anything now, what can you exchange with?”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan spread his arms and said loudly: ”Right now, every single person in Central Continent—be it man or woman, old or young, immortal or mortal, intelligent or stupid—is my hostage!”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sighed.</p>
<p>She had already predicted this, her expression was a complex mix of helplessness, guilt, resolve, resentment, and others.</p>
<p>In the end, her expression turned cold as she said to Fang Yuan: ”Do what you want.”</p>
    </body>
</html>