<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2079: Rank Eight Dog Shit Luck</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2079: Rank Eight Dog Shit Luck</h1>
        
        <p>"My Chi clan is facing difficulties but Ba clan is not doing anything to help. They even tried to interfere and support Chi Xu Zhi when I was about to take my position. Ever since that damned Chi Xu Zhi married a female immortal of Ba clan, his ambition has been rising day by day." Chi Bang's tone was filled with hatred as he recalled.</p> 
<p>He slammed the table: "I have decided to agree with Wu clan's alliance, as for Ba clan... I will send a letter of explanation and hope they can understand."</p> 
<p>The news of Chi Bang's agreement to cooperate reached Wu Yong.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong laughed heartily: "This young Chi Bang is no cause for concern!"</p> 
<p>Clearly, Wu Yong's plan was working smoothly.</p> 
<p>With Chi Qu You dead, Chi clan's internal structure was weak. Ba clan had a change of leadership, the previous first supreme elder, Ba Shi Ba, was captured by Fang Yuan and lost his immortal aperture as well as his cultivation. After Ba De took his position, Ba clan became unstable.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong intuitively sensed the crack in these two clans. The incident regarding the Roar inheritance was like a heaven-sent opportunity to Wu Yong, how could he not grasp it?</p> 
<p>"Good news, I have good news." At this time, Wu Ba Chong suddenly came before the door and sought an audience.</p> 
<p>"Come in." Wu Yong said: "What's the news?"</p> 
<p>He rarely saw the stable Wu Ba Chong express such joy.</p> 
<p>Wu Ba Chong said: "When Wu Bei was exploring Space Comprehension Pit, he unexpectedly discovered a large amount of dry clear qi!"</p> 
<p>Wu Yong was slightly dazed before applauding: "This is indeed good news."</p> 
<p>Wu Du Xiu had three regrets in her life.</p> 
<p>The first was the group, Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts, that Wu Yong had already eliminated. Second was she was not able to refine eight-faced prestige wind Gu.</p> 
<p>Wu clan had been gathering immortal materials for eight-faced prestige wind Immortal Gu for many years, and only lacked one main material: dry clear qi.</p> 
<p>Wu Bei unexpectedly obtained dry clear qi this time, which was enough for Wu clan to refine eight-faced prestige wind Gu.</p> 
<p>"Wu Bei is indeed my clan's lucky star. Reward him!" Wu Yong quickly thought before speaking.</p> 
<p>"Eight-faced prestige wind Gu is a rank eight Immortal Gu, it is a major matter if we are to refine it, we must treat it seriously and make many preparations. Everyone in Wu clan needs to give their all for this refinement." As Wu Yong said this, he sighed: "Refining rank eight Immortal Gu is difficult, truly difficult! Even Fang Yuan, with Lang Ya blessed land's help, will struggle with refining rank eight Gu. This is a serious matter, we might have all the immortal materials but we need to consider this carefully."</p> 
<p>Wu Ba Chong's excited state slowly calmed down.</p> 
<p>"Lord is right, I was too rash."</p> 
<p>Wu Yong was able to maintain calm and logic, Wu Ba Chong felt even more admiration towards him.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong said: "We will put aside refining eight-faced prestige wind Gu for now. Chi Bang has already agreed to ally with us, what we need to do now is to pressure Ba clan and make them unable to interfere in this matter."</p> 
<p>Wu Yong took precautions and thought of everything, he had already started to get rid of this future obstacle in advance.</p> 
<p>It was another round of planning and arrangements.</p> 
<p>Wu Ba Chong left the study room while praising inwardly: "Lord Wu Yong has both battle strength and a strategic mind, would my Wu clan even have to worry about not accomplishing great things under his lead?"</p> 
<p>Days later, in the sovereign immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's time path clone was controlling Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.</p> 
<p>"Rise!" The time path clone shouted, rank eight immortal essence poured in crazily.</p> 
<p>Boom!</p> 
<p>The blood-like water in the square pool suddenly rose towards the sky like a reverse waterfall.</p> 
<p>The whole Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool began making noises, it was activated to its limit.</p> 
<p>The blood waterfall rose in the air and formed a whirlpool at the top.</p> 
<p>The whirlpool rotated rapidly while letting out brilliant radiance.</p> 
<p>After the whirlpool absorbed a large amount of blood water, it gradually calmed down.</p> 
<p>Finally, an Immortal Gu flew out of the whirlpool.</p> 
<p>The whirlpool dissipated, the reverse flowing blood waterfall also fell down to the square pool; only some blood water remained in the pool.</p> 
<p>Blood red light retreated like birds returning to their nest, to the top of the small pavilion in the pool. That was the position of blood asset Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's time path clone regulated his breath for a while before moving his will. The Immortal Gu that was floating in the air flew into his palm.</p> 
<p>This Immortal Gu looked like a dung beetle.</p> 
<p>Its whole body was golden yellow, it had three parts to its body; head, stomach, and tail. its head was like a crescent shovel which had paddle like tentacles in its sides. Its stomach had a horizontal ridge, and its tail was oval.</p> 
<p>It had two pairs of legs and a pair of tails. Every tentacle was rough and thick, and had hard black barbs on their ends.</p> 
<p>It was dog shit luck Immortal Gu; after having gone through Fang Yuan's refinement, it had advanced to rank eight.</p> 
<p>Dog shit luck Immortal Gu was the core Immortal Gu of Cooking Luck Pot.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable created luck path and left three great true inheritances: Self luck, all living beings luck, and heaven and earth luck. Cooking Luck Pot was the peak creation of the essence of self luck true inheritance.</p> 
<p>Before the fate war, Fang Yuan had thrown in almost all his luck path Immortal Gu into Cooking Luck Pot.</p> 
<p>This time, he dismantled Cooking Luck Pot and advanced the rank of all its luck path Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Dog shit luck Immortal Gu was the primary target, but Fang Yuan succeeded in his first attempt at refinement.</p> 
<p>Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool had fifty to sixty percent success rate even when refining rank eight Immortal Gu. This was such a terrifying success rate that if news about it were to spread, it would shake the whole Gu Immortal world; it might even lead to crazed attacks by Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>With rank eight Dog Shit Luck, Cooking Luck Pot's rank had already advanced to rank eight.</p> 
<p>If one were an ordinary Gu Immortal, they would stop here. But Fang Yuan was far from being satisfied, he would now advance qi luck Immortal Gu, connect luck Immortal Gu, luck plan Immortal Gu, luck inspection Immortal Gu, and so on.</p> 
<p>The time path clone maintained the activation of Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.</p> 
<p>Following the rapid expenditure of rank eight immortal essence, the almost used up pool water began to fill up again.</p> 
<p>This pool water was the refinement water of the incomplete Refinement Sea which was mixed with the water of the River of Time, and had gone through refinement path methods using water refinement Immortal Gu as the core, to form this wonderful creation.</p> 
<p>The time path clone opened the hidden door of the Immortal Gu House's storage, the luck path immortal materials inside began to fall into the pool.</p> 
<p>Among them was the favored heart.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had already brought back Lady White Rabbit and Fairy Miao Yin.</p> 
<p>What he used was a killer move involving Fixed Immortal Travel.</p> 
<p>The killer move Jade flow pearl was no longer suitable for the current Fang Yuan because of his enormous dao marks.</p> 
<p>But it was of no issue, Fang Yuan had created many compound killer moves and had already created the new heaven and earth travel killer move!</p> 
<p>With the help of over nine thousand heaven path dao marks, heaven and earth travel directly sent Fang Yuan to the nearby Earth Treasury.</p> 
<p>In the heart of the mighty earth vein, Fang Yuan withstood the strong pressure leisurely and stored the whole Earth Treasury into his immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing had already left secretly but Fang Yuan did not care about her. There was clearly no reason to waste time on her at this moment.</p> 
<p>After refining dog shit luck Immortal Gu, rank nine luck path immortal material favored heart shrunk a little. Another layer of its surface was refined and merged into the pool water.</p> 
<p>Such usage of immortal materials had already reached the peak of brilliance.</p> 
<p>Blood red light once again spread from blood asset Immortal Gu and covered the whole pool.</p> 
<p>The pool water billowed, the immortal materials inside it melted and mixed with the blood water.</p> 
<p>After a while, everything was in place. Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool's efficiency in processing immortal materials was astonishing.</p> 
<p>The time path clone threw luck inspection Immortal Gu into the water.</p> 
<p>The second round of refinement had begun!</p> 
<p>Immemorial black heaven, Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.</p> 
<p>A tribulation had just dissipated in Hei Lou Lan's blessed land.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan revealed joy at the impressive gains of this tribulation. She could not have passed it alone, but with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's guidance and Bing Sai Chuan's protection, she easily succeeded.</p> 
<p>"It has not been long since I came to Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, but over this period, I have already gone through many calamities and tribulations; my strength has been increasing rapidly day by day."</p> 
<p>"My previous feeling was not wrong, it seems Longevity Heaven really wants to heavily nurture me!"</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan inspected her immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>After she came and met Immortal Zombie Giant Sun for the first time, Bing Sai Chuan used time path methods to increase her immortal aperture's time flow to an astonishing level.</p> 
<p>At the same time, Longevity Heaven supported her with an endless stream of strength path immortal materials. There was simply no hidden threat of advancing too rapidly.</p> 
<p>With such an abundant amount of strength path immortal materials, it would naturally attract strength path calamities and tribulations.</p> 
<p>Longevity Heaven held the strongest luck path methods in the world which were extremely helpful in undergoing tribulations. Hei Lou Lan only had to sit back and enjoy the spoils.</p> 
<p>With the support of the second largest super force in the world and being valued highly by Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, Hei Lou Lan deeply felt the advantage of relying on a force.</p> 
<p>She did not need to worry about nurturing and refining Gu, and also did not need to go gather Gu recipes, killer moves and so on; someone would directly send them to her.</p> 
<p>Even the management of immortal aperture and the arrangement of resource points were planned for her by specialized wisdom path Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan only needed to ponder on the usage of Gu and train her killer moves.</p> 
<p>Although she was a descendant of the venerable, her life was full of hurdles, and after meeting Fang Yuan, she had to endure even more hardship and face life and death situations many times. So, after obtaining the huge support, besides being extremely thankful, she cherished this opportunity even more so!</p> 
<p>She was deeply aware of how precious such an opportunity was and how difficult it was to come by.</p> 
<p>She cherished every minute and every second of her time, and besides the necessary rest, she cultivated hard every day.</p> 
<p>Once in a while, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun would summon her to evaluate and guide her.</p> 
<p>This time when he called for her, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was no longer able to watch Hei Lou Lan train in such a self-damaging way, he urged: "Hei Lou Lan, my descendant. Don't be overly harsh on yourself, everything in the world emphasizes on balance between work and rest. Gu Immortal cultivation is also the same. If you carry on like this and stay in a tensed state all the time, it will instead be harmful."</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan faced Giant Sun immortal zombie but still insisted on her thoughts: "Lord ancestor, the toughness I am experiencing is not too much to handle. In the past, I cultivated beside Fang Yuan and saw the effort he made. The world thinks he got his current accomplishments because of the help that venerables gave. But in my opinion, even if no one helped him, based on his character, he would still be able to stand out and wreak havoc in a region."</p> 
<p>Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was slightly stunned before smiling, appreciating Hei Lou Lan even more: "Looks like you are regarding Fang Yuan as your enemy and the goal to surpass. Good, with such determination and spirit, you are worthy of being my, Giant Sun's, descendant!"</p> 
<p>"But, it will be very difficult for you to surpass Fang Yuan, it is simply like a mortal trying to ascend to heaven. I won't conceal it from you, Fang Yuan's strength has been increasing rapidly in this period of time, the speed is extremely astonishing."</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan looked at Giant Sun immortal zombie doubtfully.</p> 
<p>Immortal Zombie Giant Sun explained: "Although luck inspection Immortal Gu is no longer with me, Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace contains similar luck inspection killer moves, moreover because it has been here for too long, all the luck of the five regions and two heavens are in my sight."</p> 
<p>"Recently, I have been looking at Eastern Sea repeatedly, over at Xia clan's headquarters, the luck has been rising constantly and fiercely, even I have rarely seen such a case in my life."</p> 
<p>"Spectral Soul, Heavenly Court, and my Calamity Luck Altar failed to kill Fang Yuan, finally giving him the chance to develop. He obtained the help of several venerables and has excellent character, as well as plenty of experiences from several rebirths. The more time he has, the stronger he will grow. If you want to catch up to him, you will only have a trace of hope if you make a desperate effort."</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan's expression was serious as she asked firmly: "Please instruct me, Ancestor, what way is there?"</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable shook his head slightly: "It is not time yet, continue to cultivate hard for now."</p>
    </body>
</html>
