<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2322: Star Constellation’s Scheme</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2322: Star Constellation’s Scheme</h1>
        <p>Just as Qi Sea Ancestor was about to be trapped by the Earth Water Wood Fire Four Elements Shifting Formation, a rank eight Gu Immortal came charging.</p>
<p>The immortals saw the person, he had a tall and fit stature with a high nose bridge, there were golden dragon scales on his body, he had a pair of topaz-like dragon pupils, there was also a pair of golden coral-like dragon horns on his head. He looked like a peerless hero.</p>
<p>He was one of the three main clones of Fang Yuan, dragonman Wu Shuai!</p>
<p>The moment Wu Shuai landed in Profound Literature grotto-heaven, two Heavenly Court members, Fairy Maiden Soul and Golden Hooped Great Immortal, arrived closely behind.</p>
<p>Wu Shuai had been fighting with them before but had not completely gotten away from them.</p>
<p>Be it Qi Sea Ancestor, Zhan Bu Du or Wu Shuai, they had all made a breakthrough in their strength. Qi Sea Ancestor’s strength increased to the level of Duke Long at his final moments; Zhan Bu Du increased the number of Gu worms he used and his methods became more comprehensive. As for Wu Shuai, he had only been at the level of a Heavenly Court Gu Immortal, but now, his strength surpassed two Heavenly Court rank eights.</p>
<p>“If this continues, Wu Shuai will definitely become a pseudo venerable one day!”</p>
<p>“We must stop Wu Shuai, don’t let him save Qi Sea Ancestor!!”</p>
<p>Heavenly Court Gu Immortal Jun Shen Guang was the first to move, followed by Nine Spiritual Fairy, Duke Mei, and Duke Tong.</p>
<p>Wu Shuai was attacked by six Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, his situation instantly turning dangerous.</p>
<p>He could only choose to protect himself first; countless ants wrapped around him layer upon layer, no matter how many were destroyed, they would be replenished immediately as if they were infinitely spawning.</p>
<p>“Open up.” Qi Sea Ancestor’s sleeves fluttered wildly as a thousand feet qi current rose.</p>
<p>The four Gu Immortals who formed the Four Elements Shifting Formation had a great change in their expressions, they felt they were like mortals lying on the body of an evil dragon.</p>
<p>The four Gu Immortals maintained the formation with all their strength, which was like pitting their strength against Qi Sea Ancestor, they immediately started coughing blood.</p>
<p>“Support us.” Bai Cang Shui called out.</p>
<p>“This is not good! Help them.”</p>
<p>“We can’t lose this formation!”</p>
<p>Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were anxious. Duke Tong, Duke Mei, and other immortals surrounded and attacked Qi Sea Ancestor.</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor remained unmoved, he defended against the attacks from all directions with a composed smile, showing a calm expression: ”Let’s see how long you can defend yourselves.”</p>
<p>Because Qi Sea Ancestor showed his power, Wu Shuai obtained a much needed break.</p>
<p>He pointed his hand, the large group of army ants formed into the shape of a giant eagle, the eagle attacked Profound Literature grotto-heaven like it was swooping on prey.</p>
<p>“Stop!” Old Immortal Hua Yu was seething with fury, he moved forward to block, but all his methods could only destroy about fifteen percent of the attack and were helpless against the remaining eighty-five percent.</p>
<p>The whole of Profound Literature grotto-heaven shook intensely, army ants were tearing and gnawing at everything. The endless gnawing sounds were extremely horrifying.</p>
<p>“Save Profound Literature grotto-heaven, it is the final support pillar of the star array calculation formation!” Old Immortal Hua Yu shouted in grief.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court Gu Immortals had to send some people to defend Profound Literature grotto-heaven.</p>
<p>Like this, the pressure on Qi Sea Ancestor lessened and he could grasp onto battle opportunities more easily.</p>
<p>Because they had to defend the star array calculation formation, Heavenly Court was in a passive situation from the start.</p>
<p>This disadvantage was exploited viciously by Fang Yuan’s three clones, not giving the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals any chance to rest.</p>
<p>Profound Literature grotto-heaven was already in a ruined state, countless beings were dead, and ants roamed everywhere. Many areas were even drilled through, forming tunnels that directly led from Profound Literature grotto-heaven to the outside.</p>
<p>But these were not routes to escape, most of the Gu Masters could not fly and escaping the grotto-heaven meant falling to their deaths. Even the Gu Masters were in this situation, not to mention the mortals, animals, and plants.</p>
<p>“Xiao Bai, leave with my daughter, go!” Imperial Minister Su was a rank seven Gu Immortal of Profound Literature grotto-heaven. Right now, he was defending Li Xiao Bai and Su Qi Han who were behind him.</p>
<p>“No, I will continue to fight! This is my home...” Li Xiao Bai was already heavily injured, his voice was shaky, blood and tears flowed as he spoke.</p>
<p>Imperial Minister Su turned around and glared at Li Xiao Bai: ”Now is not the time to be brave! The future of Profound Literature grotto-heaven is bleak, but you are our hope. The people inside your immortal aperture are the hope of continuing the legacy of Profound Literature grotto-heaven! Get lost now!”</p>
<p>“Father-in-law, let’s go together!” Li Xiao Bai tugged at Imperial Minister Su.</p>
<p>Imperial Minister Su shook his head fiercely, berating furiously: ”I am an important official of the Imperial Court while you are not. You can leave but I cannot. The dynasty is about to fall, so what if I die? Hahaha!”</p>
<p>Imperial Minister Su laughed loudly as he pushed Li Xiao Bai outside of Profound Literature grotto-heaven and then flew into the ant groups, engaging in a fierce battle.</p>
<p>“Father——!” Su Qi Han shouted with tears flowing down her face. She was forcefully dragged by Li Xiao Bai and left through the hole in the grotto-heaven.</p>
<p>But just as the two was about to escape successfully, a strange anomaly occurred.</p>
<p>The aperture walls of Profound Literature grotto-heaven crumbled apart instantly and were replaced by huge dark brown earth walls that were filled with bumps and holes.</p>
<p>There were countless caves and passageways in the earth walls, it was like a maze.</p>
<p>The couple, Li Xiao Bai and Su Qi Han, almost escaped but were bounced back in by the earth walls.</p>
<p>“What is this?!” Almost all the Gu Immortals were astonished.</p>
<p>“A battlefield killer move... it is actually faster than my rumor cage!” Zhou Xiong Xin’s expression changed.</p>
<p>Other Heavenly Court members also had unsightly expressions.</p>
<p>They had yet to trap Qi Sea Ancestor completely, when they discovered that they were the ones to fall into a battlefield killer move first.</p>
<p>“That is Wu Shuai’s killer move.” Qi Sea Ancestor laughed to himself.</p>
<p>Before the battle, they had already shared information about their respective strength and methods.</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor knew this was Wu Shuai’s myriad army ant nest battlefield killer move.</p>
<p>Its core Immortal Gu was rank eight ant nest Immortal Gu. This move used a blessed land or grotto-heaven as the base, countless army ants would first be sent to corrode the blessed land or grotto-heaven, after the corrosion reached a certain point, the battlefield would activate.</p>
<p>Once it was activated, it turned the crumbling blessed land or grotto-heaven into an ant nest battlefield. The activation process was extremely fast, but the prior accumulation took a long time.</p>
<p>Thus, the fastest battlefield killer move was still rumor cage.</p>
<p>After Wu Shuai activated the battlefield killer move myriad army ant nest, every existence in Profound Literature grotto-heaven was trapped in this battlefield.</p>
<p>He immediately sent army ants to attack Gu Immortals everywhere. At the same time, he also sent many ants to devour the resources and breed rapidly.</p>
<p>The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were attacked by the army ants. Looking at the army ants that worked in tandem with this battlefield, they realized that Wu Shuai was the user of this battlefield killer move!</p>
<p>“We underestimated him.”</p>
<p>“Fang Yuan’s three main clones have many new methods and almost all their killer moves have been modified. What about Fang Yuan’s main body?”</p>
<p>“It is not the time to be concerned about Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s situation, we need to break this battlefield quickly!”</p>
<p>Heavenly Court Gu Immortals discussed quickly and reached a consensus.</p>
<p>But how could it be easy to find a person in the ant nest battlefield that was as large as Profound Literature grotto-heaven?</p>
<p>The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals tried many methods but had no gains.</p>
<p>Wu Shuai was hiding at a corner, leisurely mobilizing army ants to move through countless tunnels, to attack the four Heavenly Court immortals who were in a formation.</p>
<p>The four Heavenly Court immortals formed a battle formation to temporarily trap Qi Sea Ancestor but were being attacked fiercely from the outside.</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor saw the chance and raised tens of thousands of qi currents, Heavenly Court’s four immortals received the attack and were at the brink of death.</p>
<p>The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were unable to find Wu Shuai for the moment and focused their strength to suppress Qi Sea Ancestor.</p>
<p>After several exchanges, the four Heavenly Court immortals were soaked in blood, their aura declined again, on the contrary, Qi Sea Ancestor still had ample energy and strength.</p>
<p>“If this formation were made of the four major paths—earth, water, wind, and fire—its strength should be much higher. Unfortunately, you lack a wind path expert.” Qi Sea Ancestor laughed, as time passed, he started to see many more details.</p>
<p>“Qi Sea, take this!” Golden Hooped Great Immortal charged forward, sending hundreds of golden hoops that flew chaotically in the air.</p>
<p>The golden hoops were set to land on Qi Sea Ancestor, but were blocked by the surrounding qi currents.</p>
<p>Duke Mei suddenly appeared, his snow-white eyebrows grew in size and pierced through the qi currents, binding Qi Sea Ancestor’s hands.</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor gave a shout, qi currents erupted like a vast tide that threatened to destroy everything!</p>
<p>The qi currents struck Golden Hooped Great Immortal, Duke Mei, and the other four Heavenly Court immortals.</p>
<p>At the crucial moment, Jun Shen Guang, Zhou Xiong Xin, and others stepped in to help the six Heavenly Court members.</p>
<p>Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch attacked, his giant hand slammed down on Qi Sea Ancestor’s head!</p>
<p>At the critical moment, Qi Sea Ancestor smiled lightly.</p>
<p>Immortal killer move — Ancestor Qi Retraction!</p>
<p>This move was modified from triple qi retraction killer move, it used two great rank eight Immortal Gu, Heaven Qi and Earth Qi, as the cores. All the lifeforms in the range of the killer move would gradually turn into qi currents that would return to Qi Sea Ancestor and turn into qi path dao marks.</p>
<p>Hence, this was not only an offensive method, but could also be used to cultivate and increase the number of his qi path dao marks.</p>
<p>This move was extremely powerful and mysterious but had two huge flaws.</p>
<p>Firstly, it consumed a lot of lifespan.</p>
<p>Secondly, once the move was activated, whether it succeeded or failed, it could not be activated again for one hundred days (in terms of Qi Sea Ancestor’s time).</p>
<p>Under ancestor qi retraction, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were first shackled, unable to even budge.</p>
<p>Duke Mei was the first person affected. His eyebrows, skin, blood, flesh, and lastly his bones, organs, and so on were all melted into qi currents that were absorbed by Qi Sea Ancestor.</p>
<p>When Duke Mei’s corrosion reached his bones, Golden Hooped Great Immortal also started turning into qi until he was reduced to nothingness.</p>
<p>Duke Mei and Golden Hooped Great Immortal died one after the other, followed by Jun Shen Guang, Zhou Xiong Xin, and others, before finally affecting the four Heavenly Court immortals who were the furthest away.</p>
<p>Wan Zi Hong was the first to be unable to hold on, second was Prince Feng Xian, then Bai Cang Shui and Uncle Feng.</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor looked at the four: ”You still lack tacit coordination. More importantly, two of you have been revived recently and don’t have all your Gu worms so your conditions are not perfect, which is the greatest flaw in this battle formation. You are dreaming if you want to trap me!”</p>
<p>The four Heavenly Court immortals held on with clenched teeth and had no energy to reply.</p>
<p>Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch was unwilling to give in, most of his body had already melted but he still raised his injured fist and tried to smash Qi Sea Ancestor.</p>
<p>“You all seem to have forgotten me.” Wu Shuai’s voice rang in the battlefield. Densely packed army ants climbed up Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch’s body.</p>
<p>The giant Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch broke apart at the very next moment.</p>
<p>“Our main body is arriving, we’ve won this battle!” Wu Shuai laughed loudly.</p>
<p>He could tell that even without him making a move, in just a while longer, Qi Sea Ancestor would be able to kill the four Heavenly Court immortals.</p>
<p>“Is that so?” At the juncture of defeat, Prince Feng Xian suddenly revealed a smug smile: ”Qi Sea Ancestor, you fell for it.”</p>
<p>His words had not even finished when Qi Sea Ancestor, who was in the center of the Four Elements Shifting Formation, shook suddenly.</p>
<p>The qi currents around him transformed rapidly into the appearance of Lin Jian Xing, and he stood right behind Qi Sea Ancestor.</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing, who was formed from the qi currents, was lifelike, but he had no expression.</p>
<p>At the next moment, he moved forward and forcefully entered Qi Sea Ancestor’s body.</p>
<p>Immediately, Qi Sea Ancestor suffered a severe injury, his defenses crumbled apart.</p>
<p>In a battlefield not far away.</p>
<p>Star Constellation’s will smiled inside Embroidered Tower and disregarded Zhan Bu Du as she threw out Star Constellation Chessboard: ”Now, you shall see the true secret of the star array calculation formation!”</p>
<p>The star array calculation formation collapsed, the remaining stars self-detonated and let out a majestic and strange power. Under the control of Star Constellation Chessboard, this power directly broke the ant nest battlefield and reduced the four Heavenly Court immortals into powder, finally sealing Qi Sea Ancestor.</p>
<p>“Go!” The voice of Star Constellation’s will transmitted from Star Constellation Chessboard.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Chessboard circled rapidly above Qi Sea Ancestor’s head, shooting starry radiance that covered Qi Sea Ancestor and dragged him towards Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court’s entrance opened a little, having clearly been prepared for a long time for this moment.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s main body arrived and saw this scene, his expression immediately turned shocked and furious as he shouted: ”Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, so this is all your scheme!”</p>
    </body>
</html>