<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2274: Beneath the Heavens and Above the Earth, I am the Most Dazzling One in Sight</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2274: Beneath the Heavens and Above the Earth, I am the Most Dazzling One in Sight</h1>
        <p>Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable let out a breath of air, her face was pale, she felt an intense weakness and fatigue spreading throughout her body.</p>
<p>“I finally created this formation, now, it is time for our human path to develop rapidly.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable looked at the derivation formation in front of her with much joy.</p>
<p>After she refined all the wisdom path dao marks in Heavenly Court, she did not set off immediately, instead, she made use of the time to quickly set up the derivation formation.</p>
<p>Although Star Constellation Immortal Venerable cultivated wisdom path and star path, she was not weak at setting up formations either.</p>
<p>In fact, she was even more formidable than most rank eight formation path experts.</p>
<p>Of course, compared to legendary formation path great experts, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was still unable to compare to them in formation path alone.</p>
<p>Regardless, with the full effort of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, this derivation formation was finally completed!</p>
<p>The core of this formation was rank nine derivation Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>This was a legendary Immortal Gu first recorded in &lt;&lt;The Legends of Ren Zu&gt;&gt;. It was once obtained by Limitless Demon Venerable and used in his Crazed Demon formation as the core.</p>
<p>After the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable took this piece of truthful floating ice that contained derivation Gu.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used Heavenly Court’s heaven path research results to unseal the truthful floating ice and retrieve derivation Gu.</p>
<p>Afterwards, she used derivation Immortal Gu as the main core to establish this formation around it!</p>
<p>Limitless Demon Venerable used derivation Immortal Gu and the chaos outside the world to derive and create this truthful floating ice that did not belong to this world in essence.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used the essence of the Crazed Demon formation to create her own derivation formation that was meant to develop human path.</p>
<p>The development of a path usually took over a hundred thousand or even millions of years and the effort of countless geniuses and talents. But using the derivation formation, the path’s development soared like a rocket, it shot up towards the sky with one thrust!</p>
<p>After inspecting the derivation formation, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable checked the various wisdom path killer moves that she used earlier.</p>
<p>These wisdom path killer moves could block detection methods and conceal her derivation formation, and also amplify Heavenly Court’s defenses.</p>
<p>Although the core Immortal Gu of these moves were only rank eight, under the amplification of Heavenly Court’s dao marks, even if the other venerables attacked at full force, they could last for some time.</p>
<p>After everything was done, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable took a rest, this was something that she barely did.</p>
<p>But her immortal essence had been depleted to a great extent, although her immortal aperture was developing, the rank nine immortal essence production could not keep up with her expenditure.</p>
<p>Furthermore, in order to create this rank nine formation, because Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was not a formation path venerable, she had to use up a vast number of thoughts.</p>
<p>Come to speak of it, ever since Star Constellation Immortal Venerable revived, she had not taken a proper rest.</p>
<p>The contest of venerables gave her immense pressure.</p>
<p>After three days passed, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable immediately went to settle Heavenly Court’s affairs.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court’s immortals (and wills) gathered for a discussion again.</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling came to report everything that had happened in the two heavens.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable gave her some words of encouragement, the two of them, Qin Ding Ling and Jun Shen Guang, had done a great job in recruiting most of the grotto-heaven forces in the two heavens.</p>
<p>As for the mysterious amplification of Qin Ding Ling’s luck path killer move, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable also decided to spend some time to make deductions on it.</p>
<p>Northern Plains had no significant events happening, the demonic cultivators were gathering together under the pressure of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, they were either recruited by the Huang Jin tribes or went to the side of Chu Du, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, and Fairy Black Moon.</p>
<p>As for Wan clan, Fang clan created a commotion and attacked many of Western Desert’s super forces with great success. Western Desert’s righteous path was having a huge headache now, Wan clan and the others were seeking help from Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>In Southern Border, Wu Yong created a commotion. He was already close to Heavenly Court but he suddenly changed attitude and joined the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable rejected the request of sending help to Western Desert’s righteous path, while mobilizing almost all of the Gu Immortals in the Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects to create her star array calculation formation.</p>
<p>Western Desert’s situation was mostly led by Wan Zi Hong and Zhou Xiong Xin.</p>
<p>“Fang clan is just a small problem, how many resource points can Fang clan plunder? In the case of the sovereign immortal aperture, it is too insignificant.”</p>
<p>“The more Fang clan attacks, the more clues they will leave behind. One day, their location will be exposed to us.”</p>
<p>“Western Desert’s righteous path is losing, but that is not the loss of our Central Continent’s Heavenly Court.”</p>
<p>“As for Southern Border’s Wu Yong, let him go. Right now, Heavenly Court cannot send troops out yet. He is ambitious but he is not even a pseudo venerable. How many ambitious Gu Immortals are there in the world? Only more will appear in the future.”</p>
<p>“Right now, the fusion of two heavens has reached the most crucial moment, this is the natural development of the Heavenly Dao. Now that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable has lost his human nature, his actions are dictated by the nature of heaven. I have already deduced that there will be a huge change in the future.”</p>
<p>“Central Continent needs to create the star array calculation formation to prepare for the future, when the Heavenly Dao undergo new changes.”</p>
<p>After Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s words, some Gu Immortals pointed out their doubts: ”The creation of this formation is unprecedented in size and scale, I am worried that if we set it up without any concealment, the other venerables will attack.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled plainly: ”No worries, I have a plan.”</p>
<p>On the same day, Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects sent a large number of Gu Immortals to gather above the sky of Central Continent, they started to place stars and arrange them according to the star array calculation formation.</p>
<p>The number of Gu Immortals involved and the height of their respective cultivation levels was simply unprecedented.</p>
<p>Such a huge commotion immediately drew the attention of the Gu Immortals of the five regions.</p>
<p>It was clear that only Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had the ability to gather such a large number of people.</p>
<p>The Gu Immortals started to guess what ability was contained in this formation that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was trying to build.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had already returned to Longevity Heaven.</p>
<p>His gaze pierced through the ground and into the Blood Sea at the bottom.</p>
<p>It was rumbling with huge waves, at the center of the Blood Sea, there was a huge whirlpool.</p>
<p>“It is finally time.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable nodded slightly.</p>
<p>This Blood Sea had been hidden in Longevity Heaven all along, it was created by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s clone, Blood Sea Ancestor.</p>
<p>He wanted to create a blood path secluded domain of heaven and earth.</p>
<p>Blood Sea Ancestor left behind countless blood path inheritances, including nine true inheritances. He had naturally left behind the deepest profundities in Longevity Heaven, Blood Sea was one of them.</p>
<p>Initially, this Blood Sea was small and of low quality, but after countless years of nurturing, it had already reached an impressive level.</p>
<p>Before Giant Sun Immortal Venerable revived, he had already started making arrangements for Blood Sea.</p>
<p>Blood Sea was very important for the current Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. Thus, he let his subordinate who had the best Gu refinement ability, Yao Huang, stay here to control the overall situation.</p>
<p>Immortal killer move — Destined Birth Through Luck.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable activated this killer move, by combining the luck path method with Blood Sea, he could revive Gu Immortals!</p>
<p>Under the amplification of Longevity Heaven’s luck path dao marks, golden light radiated heaven and earth, penetrating deep into Blood Sea, every droplet of blood water was dyed golden in color.</p>
<p>Rumble...</p>
<p>Blood waves rose and crashed as thunderous sounds erupted, the huge whirlpool at the center became more rapid and turbulent.</p>
<p>Yao Huang had an exhausted expression, he had been guarding this place and using refinement path methods without rest, he was exerting his full effort without losing his concentration at all.</p>
<p>Right now, he thought to himself with intense anticipation.</p>
<p>“Blood Sea has the power to revive people on its own, while ancestor used his luck path killer move, destined birth through luck. With the combination of both, this Gu Immortal who revives first will definitely be of great help and importance to our Longevity Heaven!”</p>
<p>“Who will this person be?”</p>
<p>Boom!</p>
<p>After reaching a certain limit, the blood waves exploded into a shocking tsunami of great height.</p>
<p>The waves crashed into the huge whirlpool at the center from all directions, filling it up immediately.</p>
<p>Blood Sea became tranquil all of a sudden, it was still turbulent earlier but became clear as a mirror now, the contrast was quite jarring.</p>
<p>Suddenly, a pillar of light shot up from the sea.</p>
<p>Next, more and more lights appeared, over a thousand light pillars pierced through the sea like dozens of sharp swords.</p>
<p>A huge lump of light rose from Blood Sea like a miniature sun.</p>
<p>This light was so dazzling that Yao Huang had to squint his eyes and use a killer move, but he still felt like his eyes were going blind.</p>
<p>“A light path Gu Immortal expert...”</p>
<p>“In history, which person with Huang Jin bloodline fits this description?”</p>
<p>Almost instantly, a name appeared in Yao Huang’s mind.</p>
<p>As the dazzling light faded away, a Gu Immortal stayed floating in the air, he had no hair but his body emitted intense light in all directions, he was like a person made of light.</p>
<p>He pointed towards heaven and earth with both hands respectively as he shouted loudly: ”Beneath the heavens and above the earth, I am the most dazzling one in sight!”</p>
<p>Yao Huang was deeply shocked.</p>
<p>“There’s no mistake, with this tone and temperament, it has to be him.”</p>
<p>“Ancestor’s eldest son, the legendary light path cultivator who left his name in history.”</p>
<p>“Pseudo venerable — Light Emperor!”</p>
<p>At this moment, Light Emperor reacted as he looked at Yao Huang and asked: ”I actually revived, who are you?”</p>
<p>“I am the current generation South Desolation Immortal, Yao Huang.”</p>
<p>“You revived me?”</p>
<p>“I did.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable spoke.</p>
<p>“Father?!” Light Emperor was shocked, he blinked rapidly: ”Oh, in that case, other than you, my father, in this world, I am the most dazzling!”</p>
<p>“Cough, cough.” Yao Huang interrupted: ”The truth is, Light Emperor, in the current world, there are four venerables in existence, while three are in a deadlock.”</p>
<p>Light Emperor was stunned, he rubbed his chin: ”Oh, in that case, other than the four venerables, I am the most dazzling person!”</p>
<p>“You are not the only pseudo venerable, my son.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable spoke again.</p>
<p>“Ah, damn it.” Light Emperor rubbed his bald head, he could not frown without any eyebrows, but he still showed a bitter expression: ”This era has many dazzling people. But it is not a problem, I am the Light Emperor after all!”</p>
<p>“You were reborn at an opportune time, I have already checked that your fortuitous encounter is in the immemorial two heavens. Go there, my son.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s voice gradually became softer as he left.</p>
<p>“Father, don’t leave so hastily. Give me a few Immortal Gu, how else can I shine brightly?” Light Emperor shouted.</p>
<p>“Lord, don’t worry, ancestor has already prepared your Immortal Gu.” Yao Huang said as he flew over and handed him some light path Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>Light Emperor was feeling quite vexed: ”Just these? No wonder father left so quickly. It will be quite hard to dazzle everyone now.”</p>
    </body>
</html>