<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2309: The Power of Heavenly Web!</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2309: The Power of Heavenly Web!</h1>
        <p>Shocking Departure of Year Dream Wave and Dang Hun Sound was a compound killer move.</p>
<p>It used rank eight rule path departure Gu, rank eight wisdom path great shock Gu, rank eight time path year Gu, rank seven dream armor Gu, rank eight water path huge wave Gu, rank eight sound path ringing sound Gu, and its core was the secluded domain of heaven and earth, Dang Hun Mountain!</p>
<p>It was because the core was Dang Hun Mountain, a secluded domain of heaven and earth, that this move could be comparable to a rank nine killer move. Under the dao mark amplification of Fang Yuan’s various paths, its might was astonishing.</p>
<p>With just this move, Fang Yuan immediately broke Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s three continuous moves and alleviated his worsening situation, regaining his footing.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s expression changed as thoughts surged and moved in her mind, trying to analyze this move with all her strength.</p>
<p>“This move seems like Fang Yuan’s trump card, it is the source of his confidence to fight me.”</p>
<p>“Roughly analyzing it, this move contains rule path, wisdom path, time path, dream path, water path, soul path, and sound path. It really is difficult to block it completely.”</p>
<p>Wisdom path was fine, but dream path was troublesome. Despite the dream path Immortal Gu Dream Armor being only rank seven, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not have an effective way to block it.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had the advantage in dream path, he was the number one in the current world!</p>
<p>“The greatest source of this move’s strength is Dang Hun Mountain. How much time and energy did Fang Yuan spend to deduce this move?”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable calculated inwardly while feeling somewhat helpless.</p>
<p>Her painstakingly created new combat system was broken by one move from Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>No matter how ingenious the three connected moves was, Fang Yuan’s Shocking Departure of Year Dream Wave and Dang Hun Sound was extremely domineering, directly clearing the battlefield.</p>
<p>The thing that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was concerned about: the time and energy she spent on these three moves compared to Fang Yuan’s expenditure in deducing Shocking Departure of Year Dream Wave and Dang Hun Sound.</p>
<p>It was fine if her time and energy spent was less.</p>
<p>If it was more, her losses would be more than gains.</p>
<p>The result of a confrontation between venerables also signified the difference in venerables’ cultivation and management methods.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable calculated inwardly and felt the possibility of Fang Yuan expending lesser than her was rather low.</p>
<p>But the truth was not so.</p>
<p>The main source of this killer move, Shocking Departure of Year Dream Wave and Dang Hun Sound, came from the nature of heaven and earth.</p>
<p>In the Remote Antiquity Era, there was a kind of immemorial desolate beast called shocking year beast, wherever it went, shocked year Gu would fly out. It was already extinct now.</p>
<p>Dream wave was a phenomenon, in Fang Yuan’s five hundred years of his previous life, dream wave was formed when dream realms appeared at a large scale.</p>
<p>There was no need to say much about Dang Hun Mountain.</p>
<p>Soul sound withered tree was an already extinct, rare immemorial desolate plant. It used wood path resources as nutrients and emitted soul sound that influence the souls of the surrounding living beings.</p>
<p>These phenomena and natural abilities existed throughout heaven and earth naturally.</p>
<p>After Fang Yuan gained the information through stealing heavenly secret, they became an important foundational reference material.</p>
<p>The creation of compound killer moves was actually easier than an individual path’s killer moves. Especially when Fang Yuan had rank eight wisdom Gu, it gave him accurate inspirations, so he did not have to waste time on dead ends.</p>
<p>This Shocking Departure of Year Dream Wave and Dang Hun Sound was essentially only a quasi-rank nine killer move because it did not contain a rank nine Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>Thus, rank eight wisdom Gu was helpful in deducing this move.</p>
<p>“Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, can you deal with this move?” Fang Yuan smiled as he calmly approached Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could only retreat constantly, maintaining distance from Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>It was difficult to construct a combat system.</p>
<p>The three connected moves that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable painstakingly created were exquisite and already formed an initial incomplete combat system.</p>
<p>But after Fang Yuan’s move unreasonably broke it, the three connected moves became a joke.</p>
<p>Naturally, this did not mean that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s effort ended up in vain.</p>
<p>Maybe in the future, when she obtains a rank nine star path Immortal Gu, this combat system’s power would rise explosively and be able to withstand Fang Yuan’s compound killer move.</p>
<p>The foundation of a combat system were still the Immortal Gu that formed it.</p>
<p>In a contest of venerables, they first competed with rank nine Immortal Gu. If there was no rank nine Immortal Gu, then they would contest with secluded domains of heaven and earth!</p>
<p>In this aspect, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable possessed the incomplete Blood Sea; Star Constellation Immortal Venerable possessed Book Mountain, Mental Domain, and the Door of Life and Death; Fang Yuan possessed Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po Valley, City Well, Reverse Flow River, Hu Land, Refinement Sea, Human Sea, and the incomplete Qian Kun Crystal Wall.</p>
<p>When the foundation was solid and it was hard to determine a winner through fighting, the combat system became the biggest factor to decide victory or defeat.</p>
<p>“Fang Yuan really has extraordinary aptitude and shocking talent. This move is so powerful and mysterious, it is really hard to block. But I also have a move, please appraise it.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable shook the Mental Domain in her hand.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan immediately looked vigilant and activated reverse flow protection seal.</p>
<p>Reverse Flow River was already restored, reverse flow protection seal had even been modified.</p>
<p>Originally, after the killer move was activated, a large white robe was formed with ripples moved along the surface, this was the image of Reverse Flow River flowing slowly. The surface of the white robe had faint mist surrounding it. There was also a strip of light that was deep azure, it was curvy and wavy, resembling a long sash, it coiled around Fang Yuan’s arms, the back of his neck, and around his waist again.</p>
<p>Now, besides these, Fang Yuan’s peerlessly beautiful face was partly veiled by a translucent gauze, highlighting the matchless charm in the depths of his unconcealed eyes.</p>
<p>The lantern-like Mental Domain shook slightly; in an instant, the surrounding battlefield dimmed.</p>
<p>Mental Domain was like the only source of light, but it was letting out a mysterious suction force.</p>
<p>This move’s range was extremely large, Fang Yuan was directly struck by it. His accumulated emotions were extracted and absorbed by Mental Domain.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan immediately used calm and steady killer move, but could not block this process.</p>
<p>He used other methods as well, but as they showed no effects, his expression started to change.</p>
<p>Because at first, only emotions were extracted, but gradually, Fang Yuan’s wisdom path dao marks were also being extracted.</p>
<p>Wisdom path cultivation focused on three elements: thoughts, wills, and emotions. Furthermore, emotions were related to wisdom path dao marks. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s move was extremely powerful, besides extracting emotions, it could even extract wisdom path dao marks, permanently reducing the target’s wisdom path foundation!</p>
<p>“Once my emotions are all extracted, my heart will be empty. It will be extremely easy for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to add in emotions then.” Fang Yuan felt that the situation was going south.</p>
<p>During the whole process, his reverse flow protection seal had no reaction.</p>
<p>Clearly, this extraction was extremely subtle and was not considered an attack, so it did not trigger reverse flow protection seal’s counterattack.</p>
<p>In fact, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable probably created this move to target reverse flow protection seal.</p>
<p>She succeeded.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s effort in modifying reverse flow protection seal was made pointless.</p>
<p>In just a few breaths of time, Fang Yuan already lost one hundred wisdom path dao marks.</p>
<p>He activated defensive methods crazily, but even dream armor Gu showed no effect.</p>
<p>The core of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s move was Mental Domain, it could be considered a quasi-rank nine killer move. Adding on the amplification from her wisdom path dao marks, it had overwhelming might.</p>
<p>Methods like that of dream armor Gu were at a lower level and did not have enough strength to block this.</p>
<p>Reverse flow protection seal was of a high level and had enough strength, but it could not be triggered.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had another option, which was to continue activating Shocking Departure of Year Dream Wave and Dang Hun Sound, using offense against offense!</p>
<p>But he was in a dilemma.</p>
<p>It was not his intention to fight such an intense attrition battle with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. Both sides would suffer losses, giving Giant Sun Immortal Venerable the most gains.</p>
<p>Moreover, Fang Yuan did not want to fight Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, his first priority were the heaven path dream realms.</p>
<p>Thoughts collided in Fang Yuan’s mind, and after a few sparks between the thoughts, he made a decision. He secretly used a heaven path killer move — Heavenly Web Protection Veil.</p>
<p>This move originally formed a giant milky white web outside of the Gu Immortal to block attacks. But now, it quietly turned into a milky white light stream that entered the thin fishing net formed from obscured heavenly secret killer move.</p>
<p>Like this, the thin and tightly connected fishing net possessed the power of two killer moves, heavenly web protection veil and obscured heavenly secret!</p>
<p>Heavenly web Gu was a rank nine Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>Heavenly web protection veil’s defensive power was higher than the strength of Mental Domain’s killer move.</p>
<p>Heavenly web protection veil had gaps but nothing was allowed to pass through. or</p>
<p>As the saying went, the net of heaven has large meshes but it lets nothing through[1. A Chinese saying similar to ’The mills of God grind slowly but surely’.].</p>
<p>In an instant, it stopped Fang Yuan’s emotions from being extracted, causing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to exclaim in surprise.</p>
<p>The even more amazing thing was that the rank nine Immortal Gu aura was not exposed. Because the two moves were interconnected, the aura was concealed by obscured heavenly secret killer move.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was truly Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, after just a few exchanges, she forced Fang Yuan to use his rank nine heavenly web Gu.</p>
<p>Like this, obscured heavenly secret killer move faced a huge burden!</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s mood was even heavier.</p>
<p>She could not block Fang Yuan’s Shocking Departure of Year Dream Wave and Dang Hun Sound, but Fang Yuan could resist her Mental Domain’s killer move.</p>
<p>That meant she could not even keep up the attrition battle by using offense against offense.</p>
<p>“Does Fang Yuan have a method that is not weaker than mine in terms of wisdom path deduction?” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could not help but feel doubtful.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan thus gained the upper hand and finally had the leisure time to deal with the heaven path dream realms.</p>
<p>He did not attack Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and only defended against her while targeting those heaven path dream realms from afar.</p>
<p>His first method was naturally pure dream reality seeker transformation!</p>
<p>Ordinary dream realms would be transformed into Pure Dream Reality Seeker bodies by this move. But it had no effect on the heaven path dream realms, not only this, the heaven path dream realms were instead angered and formed a tidal wave that rushed towards Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>“These heaven path dream realms are filled with heaven’s will, while pure dream reality seeker transformation condenses a dream realm into a human body with human will as the core. This means I need to get rid of all the heaven’s will in the dream realms first.”</p>
<p>After learning of this, Fang Yuan activated heaven’s will dissipation killer move.</p>
<p>He had used this move many times before to deal with dream realms and its effect was extraordinary.</p>
<p>But this time, although it was still effective, its side effect was much larger. Fang Yuan felt some heartache as he watched the targeted heaven path dream realm shrinking rapidly.</p>
<p>“Seems like heaven’s will dissipation is usable against ordinary dream realms, but is an extremely crude measure against heaven path dream realms. It not only removes heaven’s will, it even eradicates the true meaning contained in the dream realm.”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was not without gains, he realized that heaven’s will and heaven path true meaning were entangled in the heaven path dream realms, so they were hard to separate.</p>
<p>His wisdom path methods were rough, it was difficult for him to precisely separate the two and target just heaven’s will.</p>
<p>But Fang Yuan still had a way to deal with this.</p>
<p>At the next moment, he brought out his dream path clone Meng Qiu Zhen, letting him be devoured by a heaven path dream realm.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sighed, feeling somewhat anxious.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s strength was exposed which made her quite surprised, he was actually starting to take these heaven path dream realms right under her eyes.</p>
<p>“Giant Sun, are you going to watch as Heaven Refining Demon Venerable takes these heaven path dream realms and increases his strength?” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable contacted Giant Sun.</p>
<p>“Of course not!”</p>
<p>At the next moment, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable showed himself.</p>
    </body>
</html>