<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2328: Explosion!!!</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2328: Explosion!!!</h1>
        <p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable saw the issue, the qi path immortal materials were insufficient, her expression turned dim.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court’s foundation had finally hit rock-bottom!</p>
<p>In fact, when she set up the star array calculation formation and nurtured the immemorial star beasts, she had already expended all of Heavenly Court’s star path resources.</p>
<p>Recently, Heavenly Court’s members revived continuously, the remaining immortal graveyard was also consumed until only a small area was left, it could no longer allow any Gu Immortal to revive.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court had developed for three million years, it had incomparable foundation, but after several huge battles, the expenditure was severe. When Spectral Soul Demon Venerable escaped from Heavenly Court, he ransacked the immortal treasury. They had to use their secret storage and even subtly draw resources from the ten great ancient sects.</p>
<p>Until today, Heavenly Court was already showing signs of exhausting its foundation.</p>
<p>Of course, the main reason why they were out of qi path resources was because the immortal material expenditure was just too high.</p>
<p>In Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s original plan, the qi harvest fruit would primarily grow using the qi tides, the qi path methods he left behind would only be a failsafe in case any unexpected mishaps occurred.</p>
<p>The qi tides were crucial in growing the qi harvest fruit.</p>
<p>But now, the qi tides had ended and the qi paths methods were not completely intact, they had to expend qi path immortal materials instead.</p>
<p>It was obvious that the more qi path immortal materials they expended, the larger the qi harvest fruit would become, and the stronger Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable would be after reviving.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable made deductions again.</p>
<p>She used her full strength in doing this, countless thoughts collided in her mind until she felt a sharp headache, but she eventually deduced another killer move.</p>
<p>After testing it, she modified the killer move slightly.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s breathing was quite rough and her expression was pale, she opened the entrance of Heavenly Court at the next moment.</p>
<p>Before any other venerable reacted, she aimed her killer move at the entrance.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court’s entrance was immediately covered by a layer of profound light as it rapidly drew in heaven and earth qi from the outside world.</p>
<p>The heaven and earth qi were vast and boundless, they entered through the entrance with unceasing momentum and flowed into the immortal formation.</p>
<p>The heaven and earth qi were not of high quality but could compensate with quantity, with this supplement, the growth of the qi harvest fruit was no longer an issue.</p>
<p>The Heavenly Court immortals were shocked, they quickly discussed.</p>
<p>“Why did Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable open the entrance of Heavenly Court?”</p>
<p>“This is a good thing, the stronger the qi harvest fruit, the more powerful Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s qi path foundation will be after revival!”</p>
<p>“What if Fang Yuan attacks using this chance?”</p>
<p>“Hahaha, didn’t he try to attack earlier, losing to Lady Star Constellation’s divine might. Will he dare to come again?”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan did not show up indeed.</p>
<p>Not only that, even Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was not paying attention to them.</p>
<p>He ravaged Central Continent and slaughtered countless beings, his injuries recovered by a large extent.</p>
<p>Soul fog surged, wherever it went, verdant mountains turned grey and flowers wilted, wild beast corpses were lying all over the place.</p>
<p>As his soul howl was used, huge waves appeared on the lakes. Afterwards, corpses of aquatic animals like fish or shrimps floated to the surface.</p>
<p>A vast number of souls were devoured by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he was like a huge black hole that devoured everything he slaughtered, his injuries were healed and his body expanded again.</p>
<p>During this process, a wild Immortal Gu was created in Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s body.</p>
<p>Rank eight Immortal Gu — Kill!</p>
<p>This caused a considerable commotion that drew the attention of Fang Yuan, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>At once, the three venerables had strange expressions.</p>
<p>They knew about a secret of the past.</p>
<p>Back then, Spectral Soul wanted to create killing path, but in the end, he failed after devouring black heaven’s heavenly spirit, he was forced to create soul path instead.</p>
<p>But to think that he showed signs of creating killing path now while he was not sane.</p>
<p>Immortal Gu Kill was clearly the core Immortal Gu of killing path, it was not formed so easily.</p>
<p>This was a Gu refinement undergone by the Heavenly Dao!</p>
<p>Most importantly, it was refined in Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s body, this meant that although he was currently not sane, he was quite close to creating killing path.</p>
<p>“Killing path is already showing signs of emerging.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had already returned to Northern Plains, he immediately ordered the Huang Jin tribe Gu Immortals who were headed to Central Continent to not get near Spectral Soul Demon Venerable! They should not be greedy with super resource points, also avoiding Heaven Refining Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not personally plunder Central Continent’s resource points but he did not give up, he sent his bloodline descendants.</p>
<p>This way, even if Heavenly Court pursued the matter, he had a degree of distance and could give excuses.</p>
<p>“Giant Sun, if you come and cooperate with me, I’ll give you half of the Central Continent resource points that I plunder!” Fang Yuan transmitted again, he did not give up on convincing Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable rejected with an increasingly firm attitude.</p>
<p>On one hand, he felt that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would not expose a weakness, this outcome was already decided, there was no point in joining hands with Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>On the other hand, he had his own reservations.</p>
<p>Firstly, his eldest son You Tian Guang was taken away by You Tian Guang in Longevity Heaven, he needed to look for his son.</p>
<p>Secondly, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had already used ’I reside in all living beings and heaven and earth’ twice in a short period, this move had a huge drawback, it would leave him in a weakened state for some time. He had to conceal himself and secretly get through this weakened period. If he exposed this weakness, the killer move’s value and usability would fall immensely in the future.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>The qi harvest fruit continued to grow larger.</p>
<p>The vast amount of heaven and earth qi, countless qi path immortal materials, as well as methods like the primordial qi wall, were all turned into qi path dao marks that were added into the qi harvest fruit.</p>
<p>At the core of the qi harvest fruit, a human shaped core was formed.</p>
<p>As time passed, the core’s features became clearer, it was increasingly human-like.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable saw this and immediately comprehended that Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s revival method contained the profundity of human path.</p>
<p>“To think that master’s human path attainment is even higher than I thought.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled faintly as memories surfaced in her mind.</p>
<p>In his bed, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable suddenly coughed out blood.</p>
<p>“Master, how are you?” Star Constellation quickly came over and used her methods to heal him.</p>
<p>Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable had just blocked a chaotic disaster and fixed the hole in the world, he was heavily injured and could barely get up.</p>
<p>Star Constellation did her best to stabilize his injuries.</p>
<p>She had a look of surprise, she found that Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable aggravated the injuries purely as a result of his own actions!</p>
<p>Star Constellation frowned deeply: ”Master, you suffered such heavy injuries and can’t even walk now, yet you still took a risk to create a killer move!”</p>
<p>Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable had a look of joy: ”These injuries are not an issue, my disciple, I succeeded. I grasped onto that inspiration and created a human path killer move.”</p>
<p>“Using this move, we can use the immortal aperture to extend the lifespan of Gu Immortals. Among all the existing lifespan extension methods, my newly created method is the most effective!”</p>
<p>Star Constellation looked at the content and had a gaze of surprise, light flickered in her eyes as she understood the true value of this killer move.</p>
<p>Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable laughed loudly: ”With this method, we will not need to force human Gu Immortal experts to join our Heavenly Court. The temptation of lifespan extension is too great.”</p>
<p>“From now on, as long as they contribute their immortal aperture to Heavenly Court, they will become members of Heavenly Court. They will get to use this human path killer move to extend their lifespan.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation nodded, she was joyous as well: ”Master, what is the name of this killer move?”</p>
<p>“Cough, cough.” Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable coughed before saying nonchalantly: ”The name is not important, you can decide it for me, just make one up.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation quickly answered, she loved to name things, she added: ”We need to give it an awesome name, it should draw people’s attention! Hmm... let me think about it.”</p>
<p>“My good disciple, go and think of the name! I am too old now, I don’t have the creativity anymore. After you decide, let me know.” Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable rested in bed and waved his hand to Star Constellation.</p>
<p>Star Constellation nodded and said solemnly: ”Master, you must not take such risks again, your injuries are too severe this time!”</p>
<p>Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable laughed to himself: ”These injuries are nowhere near my limit. I’ve once suffered even greater injuries, you know it too, there has been at least five of such instances.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation stared angrily: ”You are already twenty-five thousand years old, you need to admit you are old. You’ve already done enough for humanity, since you are injured, you need to recuperate. I will lead Heavenly Court!”</p>
<p>“Hahaha, with you around, what worries do I have?” Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable laughed as his voice became softer, he showed an expression of dejectedness: ”Maybe, I should really admit that I am too old...”</p>
<p>“You won’t.” Star Constellation shook her head, she showed an expression of knowing her master very well but being helpless against his antics.</p>
<p>Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable laughed after seeing her expression, while she was taking her leave, he even winked at her playfully.</p>
<p>Star Constellation took care of Primordial Origin, who was recuperating while handling Heavenly Court’s affairs, in her free time, she thought of the name of the human path killer move to relax her mind.</p>
<p>Star Constellation was busy for three days, after that, she finally had some insight about the name of the human path killer move.</p>
<p>But she did not know that she would not have a chance to tell Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable about this name anymore.</p>
<p>When she freed herself from her busy work and went to visit Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, she saw that he was lying on the bed quietly, his eyes were shut and his expression was plain, there was only a faint smile at the corners of lips.</p>
<p>This legendary leader of humanity, the first generation Immortal King of Heavenly Court, the person who held up the banner of humanity’s retaliation and forced all the variant human forces to hide themselves, had passed away.</p>
<p>He died calmly.</p>
<p>Peacefully.</p>
<p>Relieved.</p>
<p>His disciple was the reason why he was relieved.</p>
<p>The moment Star Constellation saw Primordial Origin again, she realized.</p>
<p>Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s injuries were extremely severe, he had only purposely concealed the fact.</p>
<p>He was making considerations for the big picture.</p>
<p>After all, although the variant humans retreated from Central Continent, they were still rampant in the other four regions. Even in Central Continent, many variant human forces hid in their blessed lands and grotto-heavens, they could not be found.</p>
<p>He knew his injuries could not be healed, using the last of his strength, he painstakingly created a human path killer move to aid the future development of Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Star Constellation stood in front of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s bed and kept silent for a long time.</p>
<p>Eventually, she spoke in a hoarse voice: ”Master, I’ve already thought of the name for this human path killer move. It suits this scenario quite well, I’ll name it — Lying in Bed.”</p>
<p>Lying in bed was able to turn the immortal aperture that a Gu Immortal contributed to Heavenly Court into a bed that was free from calamities and tribulations, it could also extend their lifespan to a great extent. Back in that era, it was the number one lifespan extension method besides lifespan Gu!</p>
<p>Afterwards, Star Constellation created another human path killer move on the foundation of this move, naming it — Others Sleep Soundly.</p>
<p>Others sleep soundly allowed the Heavenly Court members to sleep on their respective beds and reduce their body activity and time flow to the lowest possible limit. At the same time, their will would be extracted and converted into human nature[1. Opposite of heaven nature Spectral Soul is filled by, see 2265] to help Star Constellation Immortal Venerable resist heaven’s will after she assimilated with the Dao.</p>
<p>At the final moments of his life, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable lay in bed and contributed his final moments to the future of Heavenly Court and all of humanity.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did the same, in order to protect Heavenly Court, she sacrificed herself and became one with the Dao.</p>
<p>This pair of master and disciple were truly of the same lineage!</p>
<p>Lying in bed and others sleep soundly became the foundation of Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard.</p>
<p>Within the qi harvest fruit, the human shaped core had already grown to the size of a normal human adult.</p>
<p>There was a change in the qi harvest fruit’s skin as well, countless primordial qi walls formed and wrapped around the core of the qi harvest fruit.</p>
<p>Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s revival was already reaching the final steps.</p>
<p>The methods displayed during this process made Star Constellation Immortal Venerable quite surprised, she gasped and sighed at the intricacy of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s qi path methods.</p>
<p>As time passed, a wave of grand aura permeated the qi harvest fruit.</p>
<p>The qi path dao marks that were created from heaven and earth qi, along with the qi path immortal materials, were added to the qi harvest fruit continuously.</p>
<p>The human shaped qi harvest fruit was already showing Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s form.</p>
<p>Many Central Continent Gu Immortals were currently kneeling.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court’s members had tears in their eyes, they were incredibly excited.</p>
<p>He was the first venerable of the world, among them, he was also the one with the longest lifespan.</p>
<p>Without him, humanity would not have its current prosperity, he was the person who led the rise of the human race!</p>
<p>He was the creator of qi path and had left behind countless methods to defend Heavenly Court, including primordial qi wall, lying in bed, and others.</p>
<p>He had defeated countless variant human experts, he had suffered countless injuries, who knows how much blood he lost in the process.</p>
<p>He created Emperor City, which was the incomplete form of Divine Emperor City.</p>
<p>He was the first to contribute his immortal aperture, he gave up on the clan system and recruited disciples, he was the role model of Central Continent’s sect system.</p>
<p>He worked his hardest and gave his life to Heavenly Court and all of humanity.</p>
<p>Even the variant humans who hated him to the core had to admit that he was a grand existence.</p>
<p>He was Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable!</p>
<p>And today, he was going to return to this world.</p>
<p>The qi harvest fruit started to tremble as a grand aura leaked out, creating huge qi waves.</p>
<p>The entrance of Heavenly Court opened as this aura was exposed to the outside world.</p>
<p>At once, within spectral heaven, qi currents either fell, moved together like a storm, or even created all sorts of vortexes and whirlpools.</p>
<p>A peculiar phenomenon was formed as the five regions went into an uproar!</p>
<p>Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s revival was almost completed.</p>
<p>Finally, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable let out a sigh of relief and knelt on one knee as she said: ”This disciple pays respects to master.”</p>
<p>Within Northern Plains, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable sighed, the outcome was decided.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan, however, stared at Heavenly Court. He frowned with a vague hint of anticipation and excitement in his eyes.</p>
<p>At the next moment.</p>
<p>Boom!!!!!!!</p>
<p>Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable — exploded!</p>
<p>In Northern Plains, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable stood on the spot, he looked in the direction of Heavenly Court with uncontrollable shock on his face.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, Fang Yuan had a faint smile.</p>
    </body>
</html>