<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2267: Little Du’s Revival</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2267: Little Du’s Revival</h1>
        <p>Eastern Sea.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan lightly let out a breath of air.</p>
<p>“This time, I succeeded in deceiving her again.”</p>
<p>Just earlier, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used her investigative killer move to check</p>
<p>on Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Obscured heavenly secret activated again and helped him to conceal the truth.</p>
<p>Heaven path...</p>
<p>So it be if Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not understand heaven path. But even Star</p>
<p>Constellation Immortal Venerable was deceived time and again, she had once become one with</p>
<p>the Dao, she was able to influence and alter heaven’s will.</p>
<p>“Even she was deceived by me, is it because of heaven path’s profundity, or because her</p>
<p>revival had flaws in it, in terms of heaven path, she did not regain her former life’s abilities?”</p>
<p>“Earlier, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s investigative method had unprecedented</p>
<p>power. It is very likely that she has already refined all of Heavenly Court’s wisdom path dao</p>
<p>marks.”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was only making a guess, he did not use any investigative method now.</p>
<p>Looking into the sovereign immortal aperture.</p>
<p>Three earth path dao veins had been constructed already.</p>
<p>A wind path dao vein and a fire path dao vein were also almost completed too, he was just a</p>
<p>few more away from completing the first dao vein ring.</p>
<p>He had undergone countless Immortal Gu transactions in treasure yellow heaven to exchange</p>
<p>for resource points. There was also Fang clan’s contribution that led to such huge progress.</p>
<p>Western Desert’s fire path, earth path, and wind path dao marks were outstanding, these three</p>
<p>paths had the most resource points there.</p>
<p>Fang clan was forced into desperation, they had to cut their foundation to fight for survival.</p>
<p>The sovereign immortal aperture gained a lot, but even then, the entire immortal aperture was</p>
<p>still in a precarious situation.</p>
<p>Currently, Fang Yuan had already reduced the purchasing of earth path resource points, he</p>
<p>started to buy other paths’ resource points.</p>
<p>According to his deductions, he had to establish the various paths’ dao veins first and construct</p>
<p>the first ring. After that, there would be an immediate effect on the sovereign immortal aperture’s</p>
<p>stability.</p>
<p>“The sovereign immortal aperture is unstable and strange situations are occurring frequently.</p>
<p>The Gu Immortals within the immortal aperture are already working at their limit. Even the six</p>
<p>mermaid immortals that came into the immortal aperture are not enough anymore.”</p>
<p>During this period of time, many Gu Immortals had liver explosions.</p>
<p>Thankfully, Fang Yuan constructed a healing hall, otherwise, if these Gu Immortals had to</p>
<p>recuperate for a long time, the sovereign immortal aperture would fall apart instantly. In the end,</p>
<p>Fang Yuan would need to take action himself to suppress the turmoil.</p>
<p>“I need to bring in more manpower.”</p>
<p>Venerables were undoubtedly invincible, but with the contest of three venerables, the situation</p>
<p>became rather complex.</p>
<p>According to the current situation, the main priority of the three venerables was to refine natural</p>
<p>dao marks.</p>
<p>But the world itself had a vast number of natural dao marks, it would take a long time for the</p>
<p>three venerables to refine them all.</p>
<p>Currently, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was making the fastest progress, but he was still</p>
<p>refining Northern Plains’ dao marks.</p>
<p>The three venerables were not at the stage of having a decisive battle yet.</p>
<p>Because Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court were refined, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable</p>
<p>and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had their own firm base. Even if the other venerables</p>
<p>collaborated, they could not overwhelm the target at their base camp.</p>
<p>And without sufficient advantage, it was unwise to have a battle now.</p>
<p>The venerables would not do that.</p>
<p>Thus, for the following period of time, the venerables would need other Gu Immortals to help</p>
<p>them and work for them.</p>
<p>In this situation, normal Gu Immortals were very useful to the venerables.</p>
<p>This value displayed its worth during their deadlock.</p>
<p>Even if Fang Yuan was a refinement path venerable, being capable of easily refining most rank</p>
<p>eight and below Immortal Gu and also creating countless Immortal Gu Houses, this could not</p>
<p>replace the use of Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>The earlier discussion on Fang clan showed this clearly.</p>
<p>What decided the outcome were not the Immortal Gu Houses but Fang Gong and Wan Gu</p>
<p>Chou.</p>
<p>For Gu Immortal experts, once the mechanics of the Immortal Gu House were deciphered, they</p>
<p>would be easy to target and deal with.</p>
<p>Be it Fang clan’s roof tile breaker or Zuo Qiu clan’s state of disunity, they were counters to</p>
<p>Immortal Gu Houses.</p>
<p>Thus, the people were most important.</p>
<p>Gu are the essence of heaven and earth, man is the spirit of all living beings.</p>
<p>Having more Immortal Gu was a good thing, but the human element was on par with the Gu.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan needed a large number of Gu Immortal subordinates.</p>
<p>One one hand, in a deadlock of venerables, he needed enough henchman, it would lead to</p>
<p>greater convenience.</p>
<p>Especially when he was refining natural dao marks and could not leave.</p>
<p>On the other hand, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture often needed a large number of</p>
<p>Gu Immortals to suppress the strange phenomena that occurred frequently.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable also needed Gu</p>
<p>Immortals.</p>
<p>On one hand, when the venerables were in a deadlock, they could settle matters for them. For</p>
<p>example, when Star Constellation Immortal Venerable refined Heavenly Court’s dao marks, Jun</p>
<p>Shen Guang went to the two heavens to collect stars.</p>
<p>On the other hand, Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court were also trying to nurture their</p>
<p>second venerable.</p>
<p>After the destruction of fate, it was possible to create new venerables. As for Giant Sun</p>
<p>Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, because of their conflicting dao</p>
<p>marks, they could not become the venerable of a second path themselves.</p>
<p>But how could they recruit Gu Immortals?</p>
<p>The most convenient source were the Gu Immortals of the five regions.</p>
<p>But this contained huge hidden threats.</p>
<p>On one hand, these Gu Immortals could be the spies of another venerable, the fact that Fang</p>
<p>Yuan brought in six mermaid immortals was already a huge risk in itself.</p>
<p>If he had to bring in Gu Immortals of the five regions, Fang Yuan was more inclined to bring in</p>
<p>variant humans.</p>
<p>After all, variant humans were on the opposite side of Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven.</p>
<p>Other than bringing in more Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan’s other main method was immortal</p>
<p>ascension.</p>
<p>He could nurture Gu Immortals inside the sovereign immortal aperture.</p>
<p>But this had a merit and demerit.</p>
<p>The merit was that the Gu Immortal’s loyalty was assured.</p>
<p>The demerit was that the time needed to nurture Gu Immortals was very long. And as the saying</p>
<p>went, water in the distance could not quench thirst.</p>
<p>But Fang Yuan had an advantage over the other venerables, his sovereign immortal aperture</p>
<p>did not conflict with time path, so changing the time flow was very easy. Right now, the</p>
<p>sovereign immortal aperture definitely had the fastest time flow among the venerables.</p>
<p>In terms of nurturing Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan already had many good choices.</p>
<p>He had specially revived some of the Gu Immortals that died in Crazed Demon Cave as</p>
<p>mortals.</p>
<p>But now that the two heavens were fusing, heaven’s will was chaotic and Gu Immortals were</p>
<p>unable to get natural inspiration when they first ascend at this time.</p>
<p>This would not do!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan knew his own limitations. His wisdom path deductions could not match Star</p>
<p>Constellation Immortal Venerable, they were barely on par with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan had to make full use of natural inspiration.</p>
<p>If he missed these opportunities, his killer move deduction and modification would be far slower</p>
<p>than the other two venerables.</p>
<p>If he could not bring in Gu Immortals or nurture them himself, what could he do?</p>
<p>Fang Yuan quickly thought of human path.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s clone was still trapped in Divine Emperor City, but through Shen Shang, he</p>
<p>transferred his human path cultivation results to Fang Yuan’s main body.</p>
<p>Together with Fang Yuan’s transaction with Shen Shang, he also gained a portion of the latter’s</p>
<p>human path cultivation results.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan obtained the incomplete Immortal Gu recipes of beggar Gu and merchant Gu.</p>
<p>If he had the complete Immortal Gu recipes, Fang Yuan would be able to refine merchant</p>
<p>Immortal Gu and beggar Immortal Gu. After activating them, he would gain manpower, there</p>
<p>would be no threat of betrayal as well.</p>
<p>But Fang Yuan lacked human path attainment level, while human path Immortal Gu recipes</p>
<p>were hard to deduce.</p>
<p>Were there natural human path Immortal Gu in the wild?</p>
<p>According to Fang Yuan’s estimation, the answer was no.</p>
<p>Such Immortal Gu recipes needed to be created by humans!</p>
<p>After deep consideration, Fang Yuan did not attempt to deduce the human path Immortal Gu</p>
<p>recipes, they would waste too much of his time and effort.</p>
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan held anticipation towards Central Continent’s human path development as</p>
<p>well.</p>
<p>Ignoring other matters, just his soul path cultivation needed the support of human path.</p>
<p>Looking at refinement path, it was able to grow to such a prosperous state today because of</p>
<p>refinement path’s own development and also because it supported all other paths in their</p>
<p>development.</p>
<p>Human Sea rippled as huge waves appeared.</p>
<p>After the rise and fall of tides, two fallen Gu Immortals remained on the beach.</p>
<p>“Where, where is this place?”</p>
<p>“I clearly died on the battlefield already...”</p>
<p>Fang Dong Xi and Fang An Lei were confused as they stood up.</p>
<p>This situation made them puzzled and shocked.</p>
<p>But soon, Fang Yuan’s will descended and informed them of the situation.</p>
<p>“Lord Fang Yuan actually has such a shocking method to revive us!” Fang clan’s two Gu</p>
<p>Immortals were filled with joy and excitement upon revival.</p>
<p>Right at this time, there was a giant wave in Human Sea.</p>
<p>The size of this wave was far bigger than the one carrying the Fang clan members.</p>
<p>As the huge wave crashed onto the beach, it receded rapidly.</p>
<p>A young looking Gu Immortal rode the waves and landed ashore.</p>
<p>He gave off rank eight aura, stunning the two Fang clan Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>They immediately recognized that this newly revived Gu Immortal was one of Fang Yuan’s main</p>
<p>clones — Zhan Bu Du!</p>
<p>When bringing in Gu Immortals, nurturing Gu Immortals, and human path Immortal Gu were all</p>
<p>unfeasible at this moment, Fang Yuan chose to revive Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>Originally, the Gu Immortals only revived as mortals.</p>
<p>But now, they kept their cultivation level.</p>
<p>Fang clan’s two immortals were rank seven while Zhan Bu Du was rank eight.</p>
<p>To achieve this, Human Sea expended itself at an unprecedented level, it could only revive</p>
<p>three more rank eight Gu Immortals at this rate.</p>
<p>Where there are gains, there are losses.</p>
<p>Following this, Fang Yuan would need to collect more human qi to replenish Human Sea.</p>
<p>But there was no rush in this.</p>
<p>The thing that needed replenishment the most was Refinement Sea.</p>
<p>At this point, Fang Yuan’s Refinement Sea was almost dry already.</p>
<p>After the two Fang clan Gu Immortals left, Fang Yuan gave all the transformation path Immortal</p>
<p>Gu to Zhan Bu Du. This way, as long as he used the transformation path killer move, Zhan Bu</p>
<p>Du would gain pseudo venerable battle strength again.</p>
<p>Zhan Bu Du went to handle the strange phenomena while Fang Yuan’s main body expended</p>
<p>heaven path immortal materials to replenish obscured heavenly secret.</p>
<p>After that, he secretly unsealed the truthful floating ice.</p>
<p>Right now, Fang Yuan’s transformation path and rule path attainment levels rose.</p>
<p>But the greatest growth was still heaven path.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan could sense that his heaven path attainment level was reaching a point of qualitative</p>
<p>change.</p>
<p>Black and white heaven.</p>
<p>A huge transparent pillar slammed down and killed most of the soul beasts under it.</p>
<p>From the body of a desolate level soul beast, two Gu Immortals flew out.</p>
<p>One was a female immortal who had a graceful figure with hair that extended to her waist, she</p>
<p>was adorned in a beautiful purple robe. Her eyes were like deep pools, with a sense of sorrow</p>
<p>shrouding her face.</p>
<p>The other was a male immortal, he had an ordinary face, his eyes were dark and he emitted a</p>
<p>soul path aura.</p>
<p>They were Fairy Zi Wei and Ying Wu Xie.</p>
<p>“What heaven path immortal material is this? When it fell, the soul beasts could not move or</p>
<p>dodge it at all.” Ying Wu Xie asked curiously.</p>
<p>Fairy Zi Wei inspected it and explained: ”This is a heavenly pillar. Each heavenly pillar is a rank</p>
<p>nine heaven path immortal material! Back then, Central Continent’s Tian Ti Mountain could</p>
<p>connect to Heavenly Court because it had a heavenly pillar.”</p>
<p>“We lost the concealment of soul beasts but gained a rank nine immortal material. Is this good</p>
<p>or bad luck?” Ying Wu Xie sighed.</p>
<p>“What’s the point of sighing now, the urgent matter is to find Master Spectral Soul, your main</p>
<p>body!”</p>
    </body>
</html>