<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2314: I Reside in All Living Beings and Heaven and Earth</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2314: I Reside in All Living Beings and Heaven and Earth</h1>
        <p>Among the many modified killer moves, heavenly ghost concealment was actually the first to be completed.</p>
<p>Since the battle in Crazed Demon Cave where Fang Yuan’s ghostly concealment was restrained, Fang Yuan had the thought of modifying it.</p>
<p>When his heaven path attainment level rose rapidly and had stealing heavenly secret killer move, he modified ghostly concealment into heavenly ghost concealment.</p>
<p>Ghostly concealment killer move itself was at rank nine so there was not much improvement. But after adding in heaven path Gu worms, the previous targeted methods against ghostly concealment became ineffective.</p>
<p>At this time, Fang Yuan’s body was covered by a layer of dark translucent armor and a pale white bone mask covered his face.</p>
<p>[EMPTY]</p>
<p>It was the manifestation of heavenly ghost concealment killer move.</p>
<p>Different from obscured heavenly secret, heavenly ghost concealment’s aura was surging but it seemed to be completely non-existent to Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable used many methods in a row but they were all ineffective towards Fang Yuan’s heavenly ghost concealment.</p>
<p>“This is a heaven path method which shows Fang Yuan has talents and attainment in this path. Giant Sun, are you still going to watch as Fang Yuan gains these heaven path dream realms and let him gain a boost of strength?” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used this chance to persuade Giant Sun and strengthen his wariness towards Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable heaved a sigh: ”Fang Yuan can cultivate all paths, once he succeeds in cultivating heaven path, it will form a mystical connection with other paths, and his gains will be inestimable.”</p>
<p>He was persuaded by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and increased the power of his attacks.</p>
<p>Despite this, Fang Yuan’s situation had turned better.</p>
<p>He fought while moving around Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, his main target still Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Immortal killer move — Seven Kills Rainbow!</p>
<p>This compound killer move was used by Fang Yuan repeatedly to disturb Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable tried to use chaotic intent dispels dream killer move again and again; sometimes, she would have just finished preparing the move when Fang Yuan caught up to her, and sometimes, she just activated it but had to cancel it to cope with Fang Yuan’s attacks.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable attacked Fang Yuan but Fang Yuan stayed close to Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and dodged slightly to let Spectral Soul Demon Venerable take the attacks.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable took on the attacks and became more furious, going on full offensive. He saw Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable as a thorn in his eyes but ignored Fang Yuan who was using him.</p>
<p>After this stalemate lasted for a long time, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable decisively changed the strategy. She made Giant Sun Immortal Venerable protect her while she looked for a chance to use her killer move.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s expression shook slightly.</p>
<p>As the battle continued, these two venerables’ cooperation became even deeper.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable roared as he attacked Star Constellation Immortal Venerable with his countless giant arms.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable gave a shout as he blocked in front of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable; vast golden fog appeared and covered most of the battlefield.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s countless hands slammed into the golden fog and rummaged through them. The golden fog continued to dissipate but was quickly replenished.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had lost his senses, he should have used a killer move at this moment to break through the defense quickly.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable took advantage of this point. Even if Spectral Soul Demon Venerable used a killer move, it might not be the correct choice.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan heaved a sigh, he had no choice but to use another card.</p>
<p>Immortal killer move — Arrival of Dragon Snake with Dust Fog and Explosive Soul Wind!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan pointed at Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable immediately wailed mournfully, one hundred of his large black arms suddenly twisted and turned into dragons and snakes that breathed out dust and dense fog. They then exploded, forming countless wind blades that destroyed Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s golden fog.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable coughed out a huge mouthful of blood, his defensive method was broken and he suffered a backlash.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was also caught in the move and the chaotic intent dispels dream that was activated for a few breaths of time was forced to stop.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable howled and roared in anger as he charged towards the two venerables. Fang Yuan was hidden by heavenly ghost concealment, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable thought the two venerables had attacked instead.</p>
<p>“A new killer move again! This aura... the core is definitely the secluded domain of heaven and earth—Luo Po Valley.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable grabbed his chest as he healed his injuries while avoiding Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s ghost hands.</p>
<p>“How many killer moves of this level did he deduce?” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable gritted her teeth, her eyes flickered with starlight as she wanted to see through Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>But Fang Yuan was still protected by obscured heavenly secret, she could not see through him no matter what she did.</p>
<p>After Fang Yuan used this move, he looked exhausted and attacked less as if he had expended a lot of immortal essence.</p>
<p>He could not use Shocking Departure of Year Dream Wave and Dang Hun Sound because the rank seven Dream Armor was given to Meng Qiu Zhen.</p>
<p>Arrival of Dragon Snake with Dust Fog and Explosive Soul Wind was was quite good.</p>
<p>But because it was a compound killer move, involving many paths and Gu worms, Fang Yuan’s thoughts were almost emptied. After all, he had to continue maintaining rank nine killer moves, heavenly web protection veil and heavenly ghost concealment. Fortunately, rank nine obscured heavenly secret killer move did not need him to pay attention to it at all times.</p>
<p>One of the disadvantages of compound killer moves was that they expended too much thoughts.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable made a clever adjustment but still failed. Meng Qiu Zhen continued to explore the dream realm, providing constant benefits to Fang Yuan’s main body.</p>
<p>Although Fang Yuan’s attacks decreased visibly, he used Arrival of Dragon Snake with Dust Fog and Explosive Soul Wind to repel and suppress the two venerables.</p>
<p>Spectral heaven had just formed, the heavenly wind qi wall was not thick enough, and there were no clouds, the five regions’ Gu Immortals could observe the battle easily.</p>
<p>Looking at Fang Yuan gaining the upper hand, many Gu Immortals of Central Continent and Northern Plains were shocked and worried. Some cursed Fang Yuan for his shamelessness; some prayed for the righteous path; while some were shaken by the demonic might, their face turned deathly pale.</p>
<p>As for the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals, joy showed on their faces.</p>
<p>“Damn it, if my Blood Sea was completed and I had a blood path killer move of such a level, why would I fear Fang Yuan’s methods?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable gritted his teeth, his stifled emotions accumulated to the limit, finally making him use his full strength!</p>
<p>Luck path killer move — I Reside in All Living Beings and Heaven and Earth!</p>
<p>After Giant Sun Immortal Venerable activated this move, a giant pillar of light formed immediately. The light pillar was dazzlingly golden and stood majestically between heaven and earth, it was tens of thousands of feet tall and was very thick.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable stood inside the golden light pillar, his two hands and legs were spread apart to the sides.</p>
<p>His hair fluttered, his face distorted ferociously as he screamed, veins bulged over his whole body as if he was in extreme pain.</p>
<p>When the killer move was activated, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s attacks were all blocked by the golden light pillar. Fang Yuan tried to attack but found that if he attacked the golden light pillar once, his luck would shake and even showed a sign of being absorbed by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan made a wise decision to stop his action.</p>
<p>“Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, what did you do?” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s expression was unsightly as well.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s move was too powerful and even influenced her.</p>
<p>The golden light pillar lasted for a short nine breaths of time before stopping abruptly and dissipating.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s body was covered in a layer of golden radiance. His muscles were bulging, his golden hair fluttered wildly, his entire body seemed to have expanded.</p>
<p>He looked towards Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. The sharp gaze made even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable narrow her eyes.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable mumbled: ”Star Constellation, do not worry. This move’s range covers the entire five regions, there was no way to avoid you.”</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable roared, raising terrifying black fog that covered the sky.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable shouted and breathed out fiercely, forming a boundless hurricane.</p>
<p>The hurricane swept everything, pushing aside the black fog, revealing hundreds of thousands of tadpole like soul balls.</p>
<p>The soul balls exploded around Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable snorted in disdain, that faint golden light barrier was not even the least bit damaged.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s countless hands attacked, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable met the attacks with just fists and kicks.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s ghost hands and dark arms were like eggs thrown at a rock. After the collision, countless golden light specks drilled into the dark arms then shot out, exploding the dark arms.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable began to counterattack, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was immediately suppressed. No matter how madly he counterattacked, he was attacked even more ruthlessly by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan fought with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and found that Giant Sun had gotten a comprehensive boost in offense, defense, movement, and healing.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was also suppressed but he gradually saw some details: ”This move is probably forcibly extracting external luck and enforcing it on his body. But how large is the range of this move?”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s conversation with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable just earlier was done through voice transmission. Fang Yuan did not know this move’s range was so shocking large that it covered the entire five regions!</p>
<p>This move had an even deeper profundity, it could influence heaven and earth luck, as well as all living beings luck, making all the luck revolve around Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>The killer move was called ’I reside in all living beings and heaven and earth’, it truly lived up to its name!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had Cooking Luck Pot and heavenly web protection veil, his luck was not influenced by this move. But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s defensive methods against luck path were broken by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and rendered useless.</p>
<p>But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not express anything for the moment. After all, the urgent thing was to deal with Fang Yuan and kill Meng Qiu Zhen!</p>
<p>After activating the killer move, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck rose to an unprecedented level. Adding on his combat system, his strength received a terrifying all-rounded amplification.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was lacking rationality, after attacking madly for a while, he actually showed signs of defeat.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was not well-off either, but he was still concentrating on Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>In fact, whether Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was strong or not was not crucial. As long as there was no restriction from a battlefield killer move, Fang Yuan was free to advance and retreat.</p>
<p>In Fang Yuan’s opinion, the key factor was still Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>He shouted towards Star Constellation Immortal Venerable openly and not through voice transmission: ”Star Constellation, you have a good plan to make me and Giant Sun expend our immortal essence while you stall for time. Can your method even destroy my dream path clone?”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sneered: ”If that’s what you think, how about letting me have a try?”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan replied calmly: ”Star Constellation, you are still the more skillful one, you saw through my cautious mind and that I won’t dare to take a risk in this matter. In that case, I have no choice but to resort to other methods.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable were immediately vigilant.</p>
<p>Since the start, the killer moves Fang Yuan revealed were extremely shocking and powerful. Especially his defensive method, the two venerables were still unable to see through it.</p>
<p>The two venerables were paying close attention for a while but did not see Fang Yuan using any more methods.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable chuckled: ”Fang Yuan, just a verbal threat does not mean anything.”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan laughed heartily: ”I have used this method long ago. Speaking of it, Star Constellation’s star array calculation formation is really vast and amazing. Such a pity, it is such a pity, it was constructed in a hurry and is going to be destroyed just as quickly as well.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable immediately frowned.</p>
<p>At the same time.</p>
<p>Central Continent.</p>
<p>Outside of the star array calculation formation.</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor appeared.</p>
<p>Rumble...</p>
<p>His qi path killer move activated. At the next moment, heaven and earth shook as boundless qi surged and pressed down on the star array calculation formation.</p>
    </body>
</html>