<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2151: Refining Gu in Exchange for Famous Mountains</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2151: Refining Gu in Exchange for Famous Mountains</h1>
        
        <p>Southern Border.</p> 
<p>Wu Yi Mountain, Wu clan's headquarters.</p> 
<p>In a hall.</p> 
<p>Ke Xin Hong had a faint smile as he greeted politely: "Ke Xin Hong pays respects to Wu clan's first supreme elder."</p> 
<p>Wu Yong sat and smiled: "Esteemed envoy, no need to be so polite."</p> 
<p>Ke Xin Hong spoke openly and straightforwardly: "I came here with fan wind Gu, it has already been refined and raised successfully. Please do examine it now."</p> 
<p>Wu Yong could not help but feel surprised: "So quickly? Does Fang Yuan have a method to refine fake Immortal Gu, is he here to scam me?"</p> 
<p>He received it and checked thoroughly, there were no flaws at all.</p> 
<p>"It is a genuine rank eight Immortal Gu. But how can Fang Yuan refine a rank eight Immortal Gu in such a short period of time?" Thinking of this, Wu Yong was uncertain again.</p> 
<p>In his mind, Fang Yuan's main traits were craftiness, viciousness, shamelessness, unscrupulous, and ruthlessness. This number one demon in the world could not be assessed using common sense.</p> 
<p>"Envoy, please hold on, our Wu clan Gu Immortal will come and check it." Wu Yong answered.</p> 
<p>Wu clan had their own refinement path Gu refinements, but they were not strong.</p> 
<p>Wu clan was not specialized in refinement path, they were best at wind path. Not only in Southern Border, even in the five regions, Wu clan was first rate in wind path.</p> 
<p>After a few minutes, Wu Yong received information that rank eight fan wind Gu was the real thing, it could not be fake.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong had a complex emotion.</p> 
<p>Immortal Gu were unique, because rank eight Immortal Gu were too hard to refine, they had an extremely important significance!</p> 
<p>Ordinary rank eight Gu Immortals did not even have one rank eight Immortal Gu. For example, Old Ancestor Xue Hu lost everything that he had worked to accumulate for many years on Snowy Mountain blessed land after trying to refine fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Of course, this was because his ambitions clashed with Heavenly Court's and Longevity Heaven's benefits.</p> 
<p>"Even though the world has been changing in the last few years, with the movement of earth veins and rampaging of qi tides, a vast amount of immortal materials surfaced, it will likely cause a large increase in rank eight Immortal Gu. But for ordinary rank eight Gu Immortals, especially the lone immortals, they will still face problems getting one rank eight Immortal Gu."</p> 
<p>"To think that my Wu clan has gained a new rank eight Immortal Gu."</p> 
<p>Wu Yong was happy but also gained increasing wariness regarding Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"Even though I know that Fang Yuan had annexed Lang Ya Sect, it is still hard to believe that his refinement path ability has become so incredible, it feels like he had an easy time refining a rank eight fan wind Gu with no problems encountered at all."</p> 
<p>On the other hand, Ke Xin Hong added: "Since you have checked it, which two Immortal Gu does your clan want to refine next? I can bring them both back next time."</p> 
<p>Wu Yong became hesitant.</p> 
<p>Should he pass the seven-faced prestige wind Gu to Ke Xin Hong?</p> 
<p>If he could refine eight-faced prestige wind Gu, Wu Yong would gain a huge boost in strength. But precisely so, seven-faced prestige wind Gu was extremely important.</p> 
<p>If he gave it to Fang Yuan and the latter snatched it, what would he do?</p> 
<p>"Come to think of it, there are many options." At this moment, Wu Yong felt that three chances were too few. He would want nothing more than to raise all of Wu clan's Immortal Gu to rank eight!</p> 
<p>"To think that you acted so quickly, I am quite spoiled for choice at the moment, I need to think about it carefully. Envoy, why don't you stay here and give me three days to consider?" Wu Yong asked.</p> 
<p>Wu Ba Chong heard this and added, urging Ke Xin Hong: "Speaking of which, this is the third time you've come to Wu clan, let us host you and bring you around."</p> 
<p>"Alright." Ke Xin Hong smiled lightly: "I do like Wu clan's style a lot, I'll trouble you with my stay. As for first supreme elder's considerations, I understand. In fact, I have been tasked with another mission, I wonder if your clan would like to undergo another transaction with us?"</p> 
<p>"What transaction?" Wu Yong became alert.</p> 
<p>He thought of the secluded domain of heaven and earth Hu Land, it was akin to a quasi-rank nine Immortal Gu, but Fang Yuan forcefully bought it.</p> 
<p>Thinking of this, Wu Yong felt a slight heartache again.</p> 
<p>Ke Xin Hong explained the details while Wu Yong fell into contemplation.</p> 
<p>Wu Ba Chong shouted in shock: "What? Fang Yuan wants to dig away our Wu clan's famous mountains? In return, he will refine rank eight Immortal Gu for our Wu clan?"</p> 
<p>"Precisely." Ke Xin Hong nodded.</p> 
<p>Wu Ba Chong snickered: "How can that be? Any famous mountain is a large resource point at least. Most of them are giant resource points, a select few are super resource points, they can produce rank eight immortal materials! Even though you can refine rank eight Immortal Gu, you are still using our Immortal Gu as the foundation to raise their rank, you are not giving us additional Immortal Gu."</p> 
<p>"Furthermore, Immortal Gu are hard to feed, rank eight Immortal Gu are too. Even if they are refined, they will expend our resources. Yet, famous mountains are able to produce resources continuously, they will almost never dry out. You want to take our famous mountains, you are trying to cripple our foundation, what intentions do you have, what schemes are you up to?!"</p> 
<p>Towards the end, Wu Ba Chong was basically screaming in anger.</p> 
<p>But Ke Xin Hong was prepared for this, he spoke calmly: "Not so, not so at all. Elder Wu Ba Chong, you are too pessimistic about this. Think about it carefully, your clan has just gotten many Gu Immortal seeds to undergo immortal ascension recently, but you only gained six new immortals, with most of them being external members."</p> 
<p>"Even with more Gu Immortals, Wu clan's territory is too big, you cannot defend it. Since that is the case, you might as well sell some territories. In that case, not only would Wu clan have higher ranked Immortal Gu, you will even have sufficient manpower."</p> 
<p>"Furthermore." Ke Xin Hong continued: "Immortal Gu are unique, I am sure Elder Wu Ba Chong knows how priceless rank eight Immortal Gu are. Immortal materials can be sold and bought, but can Immortal Gu be easily bought? They are unique, they can only be traded. Even if treasure yellow heaven is the number one market in the world, let me ask you, how many Immortal Gu have been traded in it over these years?"</p> 
<p>"The five regions are now one, the five regions chaotic war cannot be avoided. Gu Immortal battle strength is the most important thing, you can only consider the rest after having sufficient strength to defend yourself. A rank eight Immortal Gu can cause your clan's strength to rise sharply, not only can you protect yourself, you can invade others and gain a huge amount of wealth in war."</p> 
<p>"This..." Wu Ba Chong hesitated.</p> 
<p>Ke Xin Hong looked at Wu Ba Chong, he cast a secretive glance at Wu Yong without showing any signs, continuing to convince them.</p> 
<p>"Human Smoke Mountain is Chai clan's headquarters, they sold it to us recently."</p> 
<p>"What? There is such a thing?" Wu Ba Chong was stunned.</p> 
<p>Ke Xin Hong did not elaborate further, he took a step back: "If Wu clan does not want this trade, we will not force you. This time, other than bringing back Immortal Gu for refinement, I also need to find other clans and undergo this trade with them."</p> 
<p>Wu Ba Chong's expression changed mildly.</p> 
<p>If Wu clan did not deal with Fang Yuan but the other clans did, their battle strength would surge instead.</p> 
<p>Even if they give up on resources now and lose future potential, what if they decide to expand through invasion?</p> 
<p>By then, if Wu clan refuses to work with Fang Yuan, their battle strength would be surpassed by other clans, by then, Wu clan would fall from their throne of the number one Southern Border force, they would be bullied by others.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong tapped on the table with his finger as he fell into deep thought.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan is so domineering even when doing business, he gives others no way of rejecting!"</p> 
<p>"However, even though Ke Xin Hong is trying to convince us, he is not wrong about it."</p> 
<p>"This trade is sensible, but we need to control the extent of our dealing!"</p> 
<p>At almost the same time, in Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.</p> 
<p>"Gan Ni pays respects to master!" Earth Extremity of the Eight Extremities knelt before Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.</p> 
<p>Earth Extremity Gan Ni was a female immortal, she cultivated earth path and refinement path, her refinement path attainment was quite deep.</p> 
<p>At this moment, she held four rank eight Immortal Gu and handed them over respectfully.</p> 
<p>Immortal Zombie Giant Sun inspected them for some time and felt pleased: "Gan Ni, you are our Longevity Heaven's refinement path expert indeed. Since the fate war until now, you received my orders and refined four rank eight Immortal Gu, you have made a huge contribution."</p> 
<p>Gan Ni quickly answered: "It was all thanks to master's luck path methods, otherwise, with just my mere talent, we could not have refined so many rank eight Immortal Gu in these few years. But because of that, Longevity Heaven's luck fell greatly..."</p> 
<p>Immortal Zombie Giant Sun interrupted her as he waved his hand: "In this world, there are losses where there are gains. To refine these Immortal Gu, luck expenditure was a necessary investment."</p> 
<p>Immortal Zombie Giant Sun took one of these four Immortal Gu and observed it carefully in front of him.</p> 
<p>This Gu had a peculiar shape, it was cubic and resembled a wooden box.</p> 
<p>This was imitation Gu, it was eighth place on the List of Mystical Gu, originating from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable!</p> 
<p>If one placed this Gu with any Immortal Gu in the world together for some time, the Gu cultivator could activate imitation Gu to turn itself into that Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Immortal Gu were unique, but imitation Gu could bypass this logic to some extent. However, the imitated Gu could not compare to the real one in power.</p> 
<p>Back then, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable asked Heavenly Court for human qi Immortal Gu and failed.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable took another path, refining imitation Gu and turning it into human qi Immortal Gu. Next, with this 'human qi Immortal Gu' as the core, he established Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.</p> 
<p>Other than this imitation Gu, the other three rank eight Immortal Gu were all blood path Immortal Gu!</p> 
<p>Divine Emperor City.</p> 
<p>Light flickered, the ten children of human path came out of the painting world, returning to the real world.</p> 
<p>"We... are finally back."</p> 
<p>"It is a pity that we did not manage to take down those two new paintings."</p> 
<p>"We were nurtured by Heavenly Court but the time is up, we needed to leave."</p> 
<p>"What are you worried about? Even though we did not take it down entirely, the situation has been set. There are so many beast tamers in the painting world, even cultivators have appeared. Moreover, with the deep foundation that we created, there is no chance of failure."</p> 
<p>"That's true."</p> 
<p>After the ten children of human path conversed for some time, their sect's Gu Immortals arrived to bring them back.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling and the rest concealed their traces, watching the scene unfold before them.</p> 
<p>"These ten people are the human path immortal seeds of our Heavenly Court. Regardless of the results from this Crazed Demon Cave expedition, we need to nurture these people, invest fully in them!" Qin Ding Ling announced.</p> 
<p>"Yes, madam." The Gu Immortal in charge listened to Qin Ding Ling's words and engraved it in his mind.</p> 
<p>"Let's go." Qin Ding Ling turned around and said to Genesis Lotus' will.</p> 
<p>Genesis Lotus' will nodded.</p> 
<p>At the next moment, Divine Emperor City moved, the huge city flew up again, heading straight from Central Continent with unparalleled momentum.</p> 
<p>The target was Crazed Demon Cave!</p>
    </body>
</html>
