<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2063: Number One Immortal Gu House In The World</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2063: Number One Immortal Gu House In The World</h1>
        
        <p>Earth Abyss battlefield.</p> 
<p>Boom!</p> 
<p>Hit by Heavenly Court's attack, Calamity Luck Altar shook intensely, Bing Sai Chuan had a cold expression inside it.</p> 
<p>Legendary immemorial beast Mao Li Qiu exploded and shouted: "Let this Grandpa Mao go out and kill them all!"</p> 
<p>Five Elements Grandmaster shouted: "Grandpa Mao, this place has a huge hole, we need to repair it together."</p> 
<p>Mao Li Qiu snorted as it helped to repair Calamity Luck Altar, it mumbled: "Taking hits like this feels really terrible! Bing Sai Chuan, Calamity Luck Altar was given to you to control, don't ruin master's reputation and prestige."</p> 
<p>Bing Sai Chuan frowned as he answered: "Mao Li Qiu, take a look outside, there is someone who is even worse than us."</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue was the one that Bing Sai Chuan referred to.</p> 
<p>He was indeed in a sorry state, Spectral Soul's self-detonation caused his Xi Land to suffer huge damage, but it was his greatest reliance since reviving. Even though he had many exceptional true inheritances, he did not have time to modify killer moves. Thus, his qi path methods were all old fashioned, only killer moves that used Xi Land as the core were strong enough to be used in the battlefield.</p> 
<p>But now, Xi Land was heavily damaged, Demon Immortal Qi Jue's battle strength fell sharply.</p> 
<p>"This cannot go on, Heavenly Court likely has strong reinforcements! Longevity Heaven, we need to work together again." Demon Immortal Qi Jue transmitted with great difficulty.</p> 
<p>"Right now, Heavenly Court is at its weakest throughout history, why would they have reinforcements?" Mao Li Qiu mumbled.</p> 
<p>"Don't be careless, nobody can truly assess Heavenly Court's foundation." After replying to Mao Li Qiu, Bing Sai Chuan agreed to Demon Immortal Qi Jue's request for cooperation.</p> 
<p>He had also sensed something amiss.</p> 
<p>Thus, Calamity Luck Altar first exploded with a strong attack and shielded Demon Immortal Qi Jue.</p> 
<p>Next, Demon Immortal Qi Jue gritted his teeth and summoned Xi Land, drawing upon the endless earth qi.</p> 
<p>Calamity Luck Altar took over again, pulling upon the gradually declining earth vein.</p> 
<p>"Hmph, trying the same trick again, you all are simply looking down on me!" Qin Ding Ling suddenly left the Immortal Gu House, she came to the outside world and used a luck path killer move.</p> 
<p>The killer move's golden light shined everywhere, Bing Sai Chuan's expression changed, he quickly withdrew his hand like it was bitten by a snake.</p> 
<p>"So close! This killer move vaguely counters Calamity Luck Altar. If I was slow, Calamity Luck Altar would have to resist the pressure of the earth vein, it would be suppressed and unable to escape, becoming an easy target." Bing Sai Chuan sighed to himself, Qin Ding Ling's method was out of his expectations.</p> 
<p>Without Calamity Luck Altar's guidance, the newly rising earth vein started to fall again.</p> 
<p>But Demon Immortal Qi Jue's and Calamity Luck Altar's efforts were not in vain, giant pillars of earth vein tributaries spewed out randomly in all directions, towards the sky and ground.</p> 
<p>An earth vein tributary that was like a yellow-brown river flowed across the battlefield of Demon Judgment Board and Bai Ning Bing's group.</p> 
<p>The three immortals were sustaining the battle with difficulty, resisting Demon Judgment Board.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing was still alive.</p> 
<p>Even though she was crushed by Demon Judgment Board earlier, at the crucial moment, she used Bai Xiang once again.</p> 
<p>Demon Judgment Board dodged, unwilling to fall into the earth vein tributary.</p> 
<p>"Even heaven is helping me!" Seeing this scene, Bai Ning Bing's eyes shined with bright light, she felt surprised and joyful.</p> 
<p>Her body suddenly expanded from fifteen feet to over twenty feet instantly.</p> 
<p>"The time to escape is now!" Bai Ning Bing stretched out her hands to Miao Yin and Black Tigress.</p> 
<p>The two hesitated for a moment before allowing Bai Ning Bing to grab onto their hands.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing did not hesitate, she jumped into the earth vein tributary immediately!</p> 
<p>"Don't think of leaving!" Fang Zheng gritted his teeth as he drove Demon Judgment Board into the tributary as well.</p> 
<p>The earth vein was extremely large, even the tributary was huge, after Demon Judgment Board entered it, it was like a small fish had entered the river.</p> 
<p>"No, we can't escape. Demon Judgment Board is a rank eight Immortal Gu House!" Fairy Miao Yin's expression was pale.</p> 
<p>After a short while, Bai Ning Bing was already unable to hold on.</p> 
<p>A vast amount of earth path dao marks corroded her body, Bai Xiang was on the verge of collapsing, even though Miao Yin and Black Tigress were doing their best in terms of defense.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing smiled coldly, she was not flustered: "Of course we cannot match Demon Judgment Board, but now, it will depend on how resolute Gu Yue Fang Zheng is. Hehe."</p> 
<p>At the moment of life and death, Bai Ning Bing actually laughed.</p> 
<p>She turned around and dispelled Bai Xiang, exposing her true body.</p> 
<p>Fairy Miao Yin and Black Tigress had already resolved themselves, they charged towards Demon Judgment Board alongside Bai Ning Bing.</p> 
<p>"You people?!" Gu Yue Fang Zheng was shocked to see that Bai Ning Bing and the rest dispelled their defenses, he had to use a rainbow of blood red light to envelop the three immortals.</p> 
<p>After receiving Demon Judgment Board's help, the three immortals were saved from the outcome of getting crushed by the earth vein.</p> 
<p>Gu Yue Fang Zheng felt a huge rock weighing on him internally!</p> 
<p>What was this?</p> 
<p>He actually became the one who helped Bai Ning Bing and the rest!</p> 
<p>But Gu Yue Fang Zheng had to do this, he had to complete the mission given by Qin Ding Ling and capture them alive.</p> 
<p>"Gu Yue Fang Zheng, do you have any method to capture us? If Demon Judgment Board had it, you would have used it already. In this situation, you will need to leave the Immortal Gu House and use your own methods! Come, let us take a chance." Bai Ning Bing could not speak, she could only think internally.</p> 
<p>If they lost, they would be captured and left helpless. Once their value was extracted, they would be killed, becoming the sacrifices to raise Heavenly Court's reputation.</p> 
<p>Gu Yue Fang Zheng stared with wide eyes, gritting his teeth tightly.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing had won this bet!</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng did not have any special method to capture them.</p> 
<p>Unless he took a chance and brought all three immortals into the Immortal Gu House.</p> 
<p>But if Fang Zheng did that, he would be too stupid! Because that was simply letting the enemies into his territory. Just Fang Zheng alone could not deal with the three immortals.</p> 
<p>"You are very crafty, but so what?" Fang Zheng said through the gaps between his teeth: "If I capture you, you will still live for some time. But now, you will die. Congratulations, your efforts in battle have reaped you such great rewards."</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng spoke sarcastically before abandoning Bai Ning Bing and the rest, leaving the earth vein using Demon Judgment Board.</p> 
<p>The strong Demon Judgment Board could not stay in the earth vein for long. Just this short period destroyed most of Demon Judgment Board's mortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Without Demon Judgment Board's protection, Bai Ning Bing felt an immense pressure, their lives were at stake, they struggled at death's door.</p> 
<p>"Maybe Fang Zheng was right after all." Fairy Miao Yin smiled bitterly.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing snorted.</p> 
<p>"What's that?" Black Tigress suddenly shouted.</p> 
<p>The three immortals were like tiny bugs flowing along the earth vein tributary. From the boundless brown color surrounding them, a dark hole suddenly appeared.</p> 
<p>"Go!" The three immortals had no choice, at the crucial final moment, they went into the dark hole precariously.</p> 
<p>At almost the same time.</p> 
<p>In a dense and lush forest on the surface, Fairy Zi Wei, Ying Wu Xie, and Old Man Zheng Yuan were traveling.</p> 
<p>"This distance is not safe enough, we will continue moving." Fairy Zi Wei saw that Ying Wu Xie was moving slowly, she quickly reminded.</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie gritted his teeth but his expression was dazed, he said dejectedly: "My main body has died, what do we..."</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei looked at Ying Wu Xie solemnly: "Even if the main body is dead, we still have you. Ying Wu Xie, you are his split soul, from today onwards, you are our master!"</p> 
<p>"But..." Ying Wu Xie was not feeling happy at all, he was in low spirits: "Even my main body died in battle, this entire world is no longer in Spectral Soul's era."</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei frowned slightly, she was about to console him when Old Man Zheng Yuan suddenly spoke: "Something is up, don't move, let me deal with it!"</p> 
<p>At the next moment, he activated his killer move, his body shot out white light that enveloped the three immortals.</p> 
<p>After a few breaths of time, heaven and earth shook, birds flew out of the forest, a loud collision could be heard from afar, resounding throughout the place.</p> 
<p>The three immortals raised their heads, they saw that the sky was dyed green, a grand and majestic Immortal Gu House descended from the sky, it shrouded even the sun itself, moving rapidly even though it seemed slow.</p> 
<p>This Immortal Gu House was so big, it was definitely the number one in the world in terms of size. Its rank eight aura was vast as the sea, intimidating all living beings. Within the Immortal Gu House, clamor could be heard, it was filled with human vitality, seemingly comprising all kinds of people.</p> 
<p>"This is... Divine Emperor City?!" Ying Wu Xie was shocked.</p> 
<p>"Divine Emperor City was created by combining Divine Bean Palace and Emperor City. Isn't it stationary at the largest gathering point of Central Continent's human vein? It could actually move?" Old Man Zheng Yuan was shocked as well.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei pondered: "This Immortal Gu House was made by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, there must be a reason for its movement. Strange, why didn't Qin Ding Ling relocate this house into Heavenly Court during the battle earlier?"</p> 
<p>"So that's it." Old Man Zheng Yuan used his human path methods to investigate, he found something.</p> 
<p>"Too strong, this Immortal Gu House is too strong!" Old Man Zheng Yuan's body shook, he was greatly shocked by his discovery.</p> 
<p>"This Immortal Gu House contains countless people, it is filled with the profundity of human path. It can actually relocate the human vein gathering point with ease! Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable's method is too amazing, his goals were too farsighted, he only exposed it now. Divine Emperor City gathers the strength of all the people inside, be they Gu Immortal, Gu Master, or mortal, they are gathered together and used in unison. Currently, this is likely the number one Immortal Gu House in the world!" Old Man Zheng Yuan praised, he sighed deeply.</p> 
<p>"So that's it, it was a pity that Genesis Lotus miscalculated, this Divine Emperor City did not make it to the fate war in time." Ying Wu Xie said.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei shook her head lightly: "How can a venerable fail his scheme so easily? There are extremely deep secrets behind all these, don't come up with a conclusion so casually."</p> 
<p>The three immortals stopped in their tracks and hid in the forest, concealing their auras, as Divine Emperor City went past them and entered Earth Abyss, they finally let out sighs of relief.</p> 
<p>"Let's go." Fairy Zi Wei was ready to move.</p> 
<p>But Old Man Zheng Yuan stopped on the spot, smiling bitterly: "I cannot follow after the two of you anymore."</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie was surprised: "Why?"</p> 
<p>Old Man Zheng Yuan sighed: "That Divine Emperor City has already become the gathering point of human path in the world, since I cultivate human path, I am restricted by it. Earlier, it probably sensed me but because there was something more important, it chose to ignore me. To play safe, I should part with master and Zi Wei."</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie's expression was grim, they suffered a setback again. Before this battle, Shadow Sect was full of people and prospered for some time. Now, only him and Fairy Zi Wei were left.</p> 
<p>It was truly pitiful!</p> 
<p>"Maybe trying to kill Fang Yuan was a terrible mistake!" Ying Wu Xie gritted his teeth, he felt extremely bitter internally.</p>
    </body>
</html>
