<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2277: Spectral Soul Destroys The Sun</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2277: Spectral Soul Destroys The Sun</h1>
        <p>2277 Spectral Soul Destroys The Sun</p>
<p>Regarding Fang Yuan's shamelessness, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could only stare in amazement.</p>
<p>She had no choice but to admit that Fang Yuan's second declaration was a brilliant move that dealt with the situation effectively.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan lowered the entry and exit criteria for the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, he did not consider the loyalty of these members, creating a whole new commotion!</p>
<p>Using benefits to lure them, he displayed the advantage of refinement path, this was something that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could not match, they had no way of stopping him.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was certain: Right now, all the Gu Immortals in the world were greatly moved, even the Gu Immortals of Central Continent's ten great ancient sects were thinking of whether they could join the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance now!</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could restrain them and not let them join the alliance, but she could not stop them from thinking!</p>
<p>Human minds were fickle!</p>
<p>And in this entire fiasco, what did Fang Yuan lose?</p>
<p>Basically nothing.</p>
<p>In the first place, he had taken in subordinates from Eastern Sea and the two heavens, they had no loyalty towards him.</p>
<p>They had to join him because of the situation, it was not of their own will.</p>
<p>It was unrealistic for Fang Yuan to depend on them if he wanted to attack Central Continent or the other regions. From Qin Ding Ling's success in making these grotto-heaven forces betray him, it showed that none of them had any loyalty to him.</p>
<p>If there was only one venerable in the current world, everyone would be completely at his beck and call. But with the era of four concurrent venerables, as well as the contest of three venerables, these Gu Immortals were able to make a choice.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly.</p>
<p>She knew that Fang Yuan contacted her not to show off or brag about his move.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan's suggestion for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to join the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance was a joke. He knew that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would not join the alliance and raise his prestige.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan's true goal was to threaten her.</p>
<p>Currently, Central Continent was assembling a formation of an unprecedented scale.</p>
<p>At this crucial moment, if Great Love Immortal Venerable or Giant Sun Immortal Venerable made their move, it could easily cause the formation to crumble and fail.</p>
<p>"Fang Yuan has little immortal essence, he does not want to come to destroy my star array calculation formation, but he does not want me to succeed either, thus, he contacted me."</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had always been showing an anxious attitude, he used various Immortal Gu to exchange for resource points, it seemed like he was trying to raise the foundation of his immortal aperture to increase his immortal essence production.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable made many investigation attempts but similar to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, they could not see the truth that Fang Yuan was concealing.</p>
<p>Thus, all along, she felt that Fang Yuan lacked immortal essence.</p>
<p>This was a deep impression that he imprinted in her.</p>
<p>She was not surprised that Fang Yuan contacted her.</p>
<p>Immediately, she agreed to have a transaction with Fang Yuan, Heavenly Court would pay resource points, Primordial Domain, and immortal materials in exchange for Fang Yuan's refinement of Immortal Gu for them.</p>
<p>The transaction was of a huge scale, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable even emphasized that the transactions would be done in batches, this entire duration would be quite lengthy.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan knew that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was doing this to ensure her formation's safety.</p>
<p>This was something Fang Yuan had expected.</p>
<p>According to the arrangement of this incomplete formation, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was not making an exceptional formation, it was within Fang Yuan's tolerance level.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan gave up on destroying it to obtain a beneficial transaction, this was an assured gain for him.</p>
<p>Especially when he was refining heavenly secret Gu now!</p>
<p>At this juncture, Fang Yuan could not attack abruptly.</p>
<p>But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not know this.</p>
<p>It was even quite a surprise that she was willing to use Primordial Domain as one of the transaction goods.</p>
<p>Before this, Fang Yuan had always been negotiating with Heavenly Court to buy their Primordial Domain.</p>
<p>a portion of the Primordial Domain now will not allow me to gain any advantage in a short period of 21:32</p>
<p>time."</p>
<p>The Primordial Domain had much greater value to him than Star Constellation Immortal Venerable or Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had never agreed to it, but now, she was willing to give up some of the Primordial Domain to lure Fang Yuan into accepting the transaction.</p>
<p>"It is likely that from Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's perspective, I have not taken the Primordial Domain in treasure yellow heaven because I lack methods to retrieve it. Thus, giving me a portion of the Primordial Domain now will not allow me to gain any advantage in a short period of time."</p>
<p>"To think that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable will be the first person to sell me Primordial Domain, I thought that I would have gotten it first through a blood path transaction with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable!"</p>
<p>While thinking of this, Fang Yuan multi-tasked and contacted Giant Sun Immortal Venerable: "Giant Sun, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has made such a huge move, the formation she is setting up must be quite important. She is the number one wisdom path cultivator throughout history, with this formation's help, she will be able to scheme in the future without us even knowing it."</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable laughed and quickly replied: "So what do you want to do?"</p>
<p>Fang Yuan said directly: "I am willing to collaborate with you to deal with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and destroy her formation! Wisdom path is not simple, we saw its power in Crazed Demon Cave. We really should not let her create this immortal formation."</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable gave an ambiguous answer: "That is a good suggestion, so, Great Love, have you considered Heavenly Lord Bai Zu's suggestion already?"</p>
<p>Fang Yuan chuckled: "We can always talk about it. I have a lot of blood path research results and also blood path Immortal Gu."</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had always wanted to buy Fang Yuan's blood path resources, now that Fang Yuan gave in, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled and immediately contacted Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>"Heaven Refining Demon Venerable just contacted me, he wants us to attack your formation together. What do you think about that?" Giant Sun Immortal Venerable immediately exposed Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly to herself, she used a similar method to make a transaction with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>The three venerables continued to negotiate and plot against each other.</p>
<p>As a wisdom path Gu cultivator, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was superior to the others, she vaguely held the upper hand.</p>
<p>Eventually, she gave up some benefits to temporarily appease Fang Yuan and Giant Sun.</p>
<p>"I finally stabilized these two, but if the formation I am making is any stronger, this situation will be harder to deal with."</p>
<p>It was not that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable lacked a better formation, but she could not create it now.</p>
<p>If she tried, the two venerables would try to destroy it.</p>
<p>There would be no way of talking them out of it.</p>
<p>Star array calculation formation was specially chosen by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable as it did not cross their limits. The two venerables were willing to let her create it in exchange for some personal benefits.</p>
<p>This was the precise control of the situation that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had in this contest of three venerables.</p>
<p>"Of course, the most important thing is still Spectral Soul Demon Venerable." Star Constellation Immortal Venerable thought to herself: "The reason why both venerables are willing to watch on the fence is primarily because of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable."</p>
<p>Compared to Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's formation was nothing outstanding!</p>
<p>The three venerables were paying close attention to Spectral Soul Demon Venerable's actions.</p>
<p>Like what they expected, after getting rid of the white heaven grotto-heavens that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable could sense, he went after the sun!</p>
<p>Within the fused two heavens, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable charged towards the sun like a mountain-like shadowy figure.</p>
<p>This scene was seen through Fang Yuan's investigative method, he pondered: "Back then, I used up white heaven's heavenly spirit, causing Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to be unable to control immemorial white heaven directly. He has only devoured black heaven's heavenly spirit, so he can only devour immemorial white heaven through it all being engulfed by immemorial black heaven!"</p>
<p>"Right now, among the two heavens' grotto-heavens, those from white heaven are basically all destroyed. The heaven vein nodes that are contained within these grotto-heavens have all been destroyed by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable."</p>
<p>"As for Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court, they have tight defenses that prevent Spectral Soul Demon Venerable from detecting them in his current state."</p>
<p>"Thus, his only target now is the sun!"</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable charged towards the sun, but this attempt was different from before, he shouted and roared with unprecedented determination and killing intent.</p>
<p>However, the closer he got to the sun, the more obstruction he felt from the massive number of fire path and light path dao marks.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable's body started to melt like a candle, tiny flames could be seen appearing on his entire body.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable looked at the immemorial two heavens while paying close attention to this situation, he evaluated internally: "The sun has existed since immemorial times, it has vast and boundless power. It is the largest heaven vein node in the entire world, it is also the greatest light vein and fire vein node in the two heavens."</p>
<p>"Even in my previous life, when I was at my strongest, I could not deal with the sun easily. Now that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable has lost his mind, it will be even harder for him to deal with it."</p>
<p>When Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was alive back then, he was invincible in the world, he could naturally destroy the sun.</p>
<p>But doing that had no advantage to him, it was even very harmful to the living beings of the world.</p>
<p>Thus, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not do that.</p>
<p>Eventually, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable charged into the sun, countless black pillar-like arms stretched out and grabbed at it, his colossal body slammed into the sun and caused flames to flicker.</p>
<p>At the same time, he suffered severe injuries.</p>
<p>His body melted rapidly as a vast number of light path and fire path dao marks were carved on him.</p>
<p>All of his accumulated soul path dao marks were rapidly breaking apart!</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable's three heads were screaming out in pain, his eyes became filled with anger and hatred.</p>
<p>Following his instincts, he activated a defensive killer move, a layer of eerie light covered his whole body, black smoke gushed out fiercely and resisted the immense power of the sun.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable managed to control the situation for now.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable stayed in Embroidered Tower as she looked out of the window.</p>
<p>"The sun is a congregation of heaven path, light path, and fire path dao marks, it is tangible but not solid. It can be seen as a tribulation that has been ongoing for countless years, it had started accumulating since the start of the world. Thus, even though it is not a chaotic disaster, it is hard to deal with even for a venerable."</p>
<p>"By attacking the sun, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable will likely end up in a bad state alongside it. By then, it will be time to make my move."</p>
<p>"If I can eliminate Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, it will benefit Heavenly Court greatly. By then, I can even give in to the other two venerables to a greater extent."</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable understood when to yield and when not to.</p>
<p>For Heavenly Court, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was a huge threat.</p>
<p>Because Heavenly Court was situated in immemorial white heaven, it was the largest heaven vein node in the world.</p>
<p>It was just that Heavenly Court was concealed by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's wisdom path methods, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable could not detect it.</p>
<p>But right at this moment, there was an abrupt change!</p>
<p>A hill-like beast escaped in fear while carrying a trace of the aura of a rank nine Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>"There is actually a legendary immemorial desolate beast hiding inside the sun? It has a rank nine Immortal Gu?" Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was shook.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's eyes widened: "No, not just one rank nine Immortal Gu, it has another one!"</p>
<p>The three venerables observed closely, the wild rank nine fire Gu within the sun was no longer concealed.</p>
<p>After a few breaths of time, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable arrived at the center of the sun, the remaining tens of arms stretched out and grabbed fire Gu despite the intense flames.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable's left head opened its mouth and instantly devoured fire Gu.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable cried out in agony.</p>
<p>His left head was burning like a flame pillar.</p>
<p>Without the support of the two Gu, the sun exploded with a loud sound that spread throughout the entire world.</p>
<p>At this moment, all lifeforms in the world looked up, they had fearful expressions as they witnessed the sun turning into countless lumps of light and fire, breaking up and spreading throughout heaven and earth.</p>
<p>The sun — was destroyed!</p>
    </body>
</html>