<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2307: Star Constellation, I Will Need You To Die</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2307: Star Constellation, I Will Need You To Die</h1>
        <p>If not for Heavenly Court revealing it, the world would still be unaware of Lin Jian Xing possessing pseudo venerable battle strength. He hid it so well that he definitely had other motives.</p>
<p>And looking at the reaction of most of the Lin clan Gu Immortals, they were also unaware of this.</p>
<p>Western Desert’s righteous path super forces were adopting a wait and see attitude.</p>
<p>Many of them anticipated Lin Jian Xing to give an explanation but Lin clan remained silent and gave no such thing.</p>
<p>There was no movement in Western Desert’s righteous path.</p>
<p>They did not want to create an anti-Lin alliance after the anti-Fang alliance.</p>
<p>The consequences of attacking Fang clan was already before them. If Lin clan were to imitate Fang clan as well, with a pseudo venerable bringing the whole clan to fight a guerrilla war, how Western Desert’s righteous path possibly survive?</p>
<p>“It is impossible for Fang clan to make a move. Seems like the previous series of Fang clan’s attacks was a deception created by Heavenly Court.” It was clear to Fang Yuan after he read through the whole information.</p>
<p>After Fang clan lost all their resource points, they had to rely on Fang Yuan even more. So, Fang Yuan had an even deeper control over them. If Fang clan were to attack at such a large scale, it was impossible for them to not notify him and ask for his instructions.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan found it somewhat funny.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court tried to put their hands in Western Desert, it would have been okay if they chose anyone else, but they just happened to choose the strongest target!</p>
<p>But shortly after, Fang Yuan fell into deep thought.</p>
<p>He thought of an issue: ”Why did Heavenly Court suddenly target Lin clan?”</p>
<p>Was it because they discovered Lin clan’s first supreme elder’s pseudo venerable strength and wanted to get rid of him in advance for their plan to conquest the five regions?</p>
<p>This possibility was too low.</p>
<p>Not to mention that the greatest obstacle to Heavenly Court ruling the five regions were the other venerables, pseudo venerables were inconsequential.</p>
<p>Also, even if Heavenly Court discovered that Lin clan’s first supreme elder had pseudo venerable battle strength, why would they only send five Heavenly Court Gu Immortals to kill him?</p>
<p>This was clearly not reasonable.</p>
<p>“What is Heavenly Court’s true motive? Why did they suddenly target Lin clan?”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan knew from Fang clan that Lin clan had never colluded with Fang clan.</p>
<p>This was just Heavenly Court framing them!</p>
<p>“Is it because Lin Jian Xing is an otherworldly demon?”</p>
<p>That was not right either.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court’s stance towards otherworldly demons was not radical extermination.</p>
<p>If they could be recruited, Heavenly Court would recruit them. They had tried to recruit Fang Yuan as well.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court’s recruitment standard was very clear—they just needed to be humans!</p>
<p>“So what was the reason? As the number one person in wisdom path, even if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not make the plan, she must have agreed to attacking Lin clan. But she rarely miscalculates, so what was it that made her agree to attacking Lin clan?”</p>
<p>This question was crucial and was worth pondering over.</p>
<p>Even though wisdom Gu was only at rank eight, it was helpful to Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>After he used all kinds of wisdom path methods, Fang Yuan had some guesses but he was not certain.</p>
<p>After all, they were only deductions.</p>
<p>What was the truth?</p>
<p>Fang Yuan naturally had a way to verify his deductions.</p>
<p>He immediately sent an order to make a rank five Gu Master undergo immortal ascension.</p>
<p>Currently, there was no such rank five Gu Immortal seed in sovereign immortal aperture. Moreover, these Gu Immortal seeds did not have deep foundation or enough experience, the possibility of them succeeding in immortal ascension was very low. This was why Fang Yuan decided to stop them to let them continue to deepen their foundation.</p>
<p>But because this issue was very important, Fang Yuan felt it was worth expending a rank five Gu Master.</p>
<p>In the end, this rank five Gu Master failed and died from the imbalance of three qi.</p>
<p>But using the short period of time of merging the three qi, Fang Yuan used stealing heavenly secret to explore the truth.</p>
<p>Although Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was outside of Heavenly Court, being in Embroidered Tower, when she gave order to attack Lin clan, Bo Qing’s soul was taken out from Heavenly Court’s secret storage.</p>
<p>This was obvious evidence!</p>
<p>Adding on that Fairy Maiden Soul modified Bo Qing’s soul in Heavenly Court, Fang Yuan learned of many valuable information.</p>
<p>“Fairy Zi Wei and Ying Wu Xie are trapped in heaven path dream realms, so Star Constellation Immortal Venerable decided to cultivate Bo Qing even though this action carries risks.”</p>
<p>With these clues, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s goal was obvious, it was to use Bo Qing to scheme against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>“Spectral Soul Demon Venerable...”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s eyes shone darkly as he mumbled.</p>
<p>He knew why Star Constellation Immortal Venerable wanted to deal with Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s actions already made him the main threat to Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Naturally, this was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s understanding under the condition of Fang Yuan hiding his situation.</p>
<p>Were the truth of Fang Yuan’s many rank nine Immortal Gu to be revealed, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable would be thrown aside, not only would Star Constellation Immortal Venerable find trouble with Fang Yuan, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would also impatiently ally with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to attack Fang Yuan!</p>
<p>Splash splash splash.</p>
<p>At this time, Fang Yuan made deductions rapidly, thoughts gushed in his mind and formed into torrential waves.</p>
<p>He knew an opportunity was before him.</p>
<p>A huge opportunity!</p>
<p>If he missed this chance, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable might succeed in her plan.</p>
<p>Such opportunities seldom came twice.</p>
<p>So would he be able to grasp this opportunity?</p>
<p>If he could not, the outcome would be extremely bad to Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan could not decide immediately.</p>
<p>Although he knew of heavenly court’s secret, he did not know how much progress Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had made over this period of time.</p>
<p>He was even more in the dark regarding Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Longevity Heaven.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan refined rank nine Immortal Gu, he had an advantage in this aspect. But the other venerables might be able to offset his refinement path advantage through other aspects.</p>
<p>Battle.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan did not like battles, but he did not hate or reject them.</p>
<p>As far as he was concerned, battles and killing were only a way to obtain benefits.</p>
<p>An outcome of inflicting a little more damage to enemy while suffering less damage was already a good result in a battle.</p>
<p>There were huge risks in battle.</p>
<p>It was not a wise decision to start a fight rashly.</p>
<p>Compared to fighting, Fang Yuan liked doing transactions — to plunder the economy.</p>
<p>But Fang Yuan was aware: There will be upcoming battles between the venerables and it will be frequent!</p>
<p>“Lets fight then.” After pondering and considering for several days, Fang Yuan finally made this decision.</p>
<p>And he immediately took action.</p>
<p>On one hand, he sent Gu Immortals to Western Desert to contact Lin Jian Xing and try to recruit him; on the other hand, he arranged a troop of capable experts.</p>
<p>After making proper arrangements, Fang Yuan flew to the sky and entered spectral heaven!</p>
<p>Great Love Immortal Venerable suddenly flew into spectral heaven—this significant information was quickly obtained by Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven, it was rapidly spread throughout the whole five regions’ Gu Immortal world.</p>
<p>Every action of a venerable captured the attention of all the Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>Let alone when Fang Yuan was making such a big movement!</p>
<p>“What is Heaven Refining Demon Venerable trying to do by entering spectral heaven? Fight with Spectral Soul Demon Venerable?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was puzzled.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, however, felt her heart jump.</p>
<p>Not long ago, she had completed the transaction with Fang Yuan regarding the star array calculation formation. Her calculations went wrong because of Lin Jian Xing’s strength and she was just about to deal with this when Fang Yuan made such a strange movement.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not even make a deduction when a strong intuition hit her—this was going to be bad!</p>
<p>But as the exact situation and how this intuition was going to be realized, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not know. She needed to continue deducing or let the situation play out.</p>
<p>“Among the venerables, Fang Yuan is the person in the worst position. Why did he take the initiative to go to spectral heaven?” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was also puzzled.</p>
<p>Spectral heaven had already become Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s territory, he did not show any movements when other Gu Immortals entered or left spectral heaven.</p>
<p>But if a venerable like Fang Yuan entered?</p>
<p>This was like a tiger occupying a mountain, it would not move when some small animals stepped onto the mountain. But if another tiger entered the mountain, the tiger would become vigilant and even start a fight.</p>
<p>Would Spectral Soul Demon Venerable attack Fang Yuan?</p>
<p>The reply to this issue weighed on the two venerables’ minds.</p>
<p>They activated their investigative killer moves to pay close attention—Spectral Soul Demon Venerable did not show any movement!</p>
<p>Both venerables were shaken.</p>
<p>Both thought of a possibility at the same time: Did Fang Yuan have a method against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, so he had the confidence to enter spectral heaven?</p>
<p>But why did he suddenly enter spectral heaven?</p>
<p>Similar question appeared before Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s first thought was: ”Has Fang Yuan already settled the issues inside sovereign immortal aperture and is trying to annex variant human grotto-heavens?”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s heart jolted as the bad feeling grew in her heart: ”Does Fang Yuan already know of the heaven path dream realms? In the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, he killed Paradise Earth and obtained a large piece of truthful floating ice left after Limitless Demon Venerable’s death....”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan did not conceal his movement and directly went towards the location of heaven path dream realms after he entered spectral heaven.</p>
<p>Soon, he was before the heaven path dream realms.</p>
<p>After sensing this, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was shaken: ”This is a dream realm? It is the dream realm closest to the depiction in &lt;&lt;The Legends of Ren Zu&gt;&gt;! So Fang Yuan’s target is them.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable frowned, Fang Yuan had heaven path cultivation and was also the number one person in the world regarding dream path, the heaven path dream realms were too useful to him.</p>
<p>“I can’t let Fang Yuan succeed!” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable thought of this and immediately contact Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable learned that these were heaven path dream realms.</p>
<p>He immediately agreed to ally with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to suppress Fang Yuan and stop him from obtaining heaven path dream realms. At the same time, he wondered to himself if this was real or not.</p>
<p>This was the first time Giant Sun Immortal Venerable knew of the heaven path dream realm’s existence.</p>
<p>“I already have a rank nine Gu, although it is light Gu, is damaged and can’t be used for the moment, this is already enough to make Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Heaven Refining Demon Venerable ally to deal with me. So, is this situation planned by them to plot against me?”</p>
<p>This was definitely a possibility.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan looked at the heaven path dream realm before him and sent dream butterfly Immortal Gu inside.</p>
<p>Dream butterfly Immortal Gu was an investigative Gu, Fang Yuan soon learned the details of the heaven path dream realm.</p>
<p>He became quite excited: ”The price to create these heaven path dream realms is huge, the Heavenly Dao definitely expended its true meaning. This means, if I obtain these dream realms and absorb the true meaning, the loss of the Heavenly Dao will become my gain. Through this, my attainment in some aspects of heaven path can become even higher than the Heavenly Dao!”</p>
<p>Naturally, this could not be considered as heaven path supreme grandmaster.</p>
<p>Because right now, there were too many things in heaven path that Fang Yuan still could not comprehend.</p>
<p>“Fang Yuan, have you been well?” Just as he was thinking, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable arrived.</p>
<p>“As expected, it is easy to do things secretly, but hard to do them openly. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable is probably arriving as well.” Fang Yuan thought of this and smiled at Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, ”Star Constellation, I must have these dream realms! If you don’t retreat, I will need you to die.”</p>
    </body>
</html>