<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2249: Huge Commotion</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2249: Huge Commotion</h1>
        <p>Wan clan’s first supreme elder traveled in Winding Light Platform and arrived just in time. After fighting one round with Chicken Dog Coop, he immediately discovered the weakness of Fang clan’s earth path Immortal Gu House.</p>
<p>When he discovered this, Wan clan’s first supreme elder did not hesitate to activate Winding Light Platform to shoot out beams of light at the underground earth path Immortal Gu House.</p>
<p>The earth path Immortal Gu House quickly drilled deeper, evading with extreme nimbleness.</p>
<p>Although its defense was nothing to boast about, its speed was astonishing, it dodged all the beams.</p>
<p>Some beams brushed past it, making for an extremely dangerous situation.</p>
<p>Wan clan’s first supreme elder smiled: “Let me show you my Wan clan Immortal Gu House’s ability!”</p>
<p>Saying so, he activated Winding Light Platform’s signature method.</p>
<p>Immediately, those straight pure-white beams of light underground started to bend and change their direction, attacking the earth path Immortal Gu House again.</p>
<p>A large number of beams formed a web that shrouded the earth path Immortal Gu House from all sides.</p>
<p>The earth path Immortal Gu House could only struggle fiercely, and after ten or so breaths of time, it charged out of the ground.</p>
<p>“I was waiting for you.” The eyes of Wan clan’s first supreme elder shone sharply, “I shall destroy this Immortal Gu House as the payment for invading my Wan clan!”</p>
<p>“Stop dreaming.” Fang Di Chang called out as he controlled Chicken Dog Coop to collide with Winding Light Platform.</p>
<p>Wan clan’s first supreme elder gave a shout, Winding Light Platform shot out beams once again. The beams of light coiled around Winding Light Platform, connecting with each other as they formed a powerful defensive ring.</p>
<p>Chicken Dog Coop collided onto the surface, but its strength was redirected by the winding beams, causing it to brush past Winding Light Platform.</p>
<p>Immediately after, Winding Light Platform shot a ray of yellow light.</p>
<p>The yellow light covered Fang clan’s earth path Immortal Gu House, holding it down on the spot.</p>
<p>Wan clan’s first supreme elder poured in his immortal essence in a frenzy, the yellow light started to coil like a fried dough twist[1].</p>
<p>Under the constriction of the yellow beam of light, Fang clan’s earth path Immortal Gu House started cracking, a large number of mortal Gu were crushed to pieces.</p>
<p>This move was Winding Light Platform’s strongest method. In just a short ten breaths of time, Fang clan’s earth path Immortal Gu House would be completely destroyed, even the Gu Immortals inside could not escape alive!</p>
<p>Wan Zhui Qing flew rapidly in the sky.</p>
<p>His expression was extremely cold, but his heart was like a bright burning flame.</p>
<p>This was the fire of vengeance!</p>
<p>Wan Zhui Qing’s father was Wan Liang Han.</p>
<p>The latter was a rank seven wisdom path Gu Immortal. He had fought Fang Yuan with Wan Hao Guang and Wan Xiao, resulting in his death in the battle.</p>
<p>Back then, Fang Yuan hid in Fang clan, so in Wan Zhui Qing’s heart, it was the same as Fang clan killing his father.</p>
<p>The hatred of his father’s murder was irreconcilable!</p>
<p>Since the moment he learned of father’s death, Wan Zhui Qing’s life experienced a complete change.</p>
<p>Previously, he was a second generation immortal, with his father’s support, he could be arrogant and complacent.</p>
<p>After the fall of his father who sheltered him from the cruelty of the outside world, Wan Zhui Qing matured quickly amidst the grief and fear.</p>
<p>He realized that his comfortable life was the result of many people giving face to his father. He realized how fortunate he had been, and also realized his only hope now was to work hard.</p>
<p>So, when Wan clan’s rally did not bear fruit and they deployed immortals to defend their peripheral territories, although Wan Zhui Qing was only at rank six, he disregarded the risk and requested to be sent to a peripheral territory to defend the resource point.</p>
<p>He knew that he had to display his value to the clan. If the value was not high, then he had to show his loyalty!</p>
<p>He did not have any fortuitous encounters, so he could only rely on the clan.</p>
<p>And the clan was not his father.</p>
<p>Every time Wan Zhui Qing remembered how blessed he had lived when his father was alive, his hatred towards Fang clan deepened.</p>
<p>“Wan Hao Guang made me guard the resource point, but what can I, a mere rank six Gu Immortal, do, even with the support of the immortal formation? Wan Hao Guang is the main reliance to stall the enemies until reinforcements arrive. If Fang clan’s true motive is to attack the peripheral resource points, I will definitely not be able to defend mine.”</p>
<p>“Since that is the case, I may as well risk it and attack Fang clan’s resource points. I will do what Wan Hao Guang cannot do!”</p>
<p>Wan Zhui Qing decided to risk it.</p>
<p>If he stayed to defend the resource point, and Fang clan attacked strongly, he would at most be able to hold on for a while before he would need to retreat through the teleportation formation.</p>
<p>Returning to the clan with such a result of losing the clan’s resource point would be a small stain on his records at the very least.</p>
<p>But if he attacked Fang clan’s resource point and made some gains, it would no doubt be a huge merit. Especially under the situation when tall pine oasis was attacked and the casualties were high.</p>
<p>In this situation, as long as Wan Zhui Qing succeeded, it would be like helping Wan clan restore their prestige.</p>
<p>“At such a time, one merit or contribution will be counted as ten! The clan will also look at me differently.”</p>
<p>“With the clan’s rewards and increased support, I can progress rapidly, otherwise, with my current growth speed, it will take forever before I can exact revenge for my father!”</p>
<p>After Wan Liang Han died, his Gu worms were not left behind for Wan Zhui Qing.</p>
<p>It was not easy for Wan Zhui Qing to cultivate, and he could only fight for opportunities by himself.</p>
<p>“I am here. The most peripheral resource point of Fang clan!” Wan Zhui Qing slowed down, he restrained his aura and approached quietly.</p>
<p>“Fang clan, regarding the hatred of killing my father, I am going to take a bit of revenge now!”</p>
<p>However, after a while, Wan Zhui Qing was stupefied.</p>
<p>He was standing dazedly on the spot, facing the desolate desert.</p>
<p>“Wasn’t this the location of flying sand tunnel? Wait a second, there are clear signs of relocation. Fang clan moved this resource point away?”</p>
<p>Wan Zhui Qing was puzzled.</p>
<p>Was it necessary to do that?</p>
<p>Just to prevent an improbable counterattack of Wan clan, they relocated the resource point?</p>
<p>The loss in doing that was not small.</p>
<p>When resource points were relocated, their productivity would fall. Because the resource point was already in sync with the surrounding environment.</p>
<p>Relocating a resource point was like moving trees, the roots would leave the land and lose the nutrients, even if they were transplanted to a better land, they would need to adapt for some time.</p>
<p>But how many areas were truly suitable for the resource point?</p>
<p>Even if it was an area with denser earth path dao marks, the difference in the arrangement of the dao marks could result in the destruction of the resource point.</p>
<p>Super forces rarely relocated their resource points.</p>
<p>As far as enemies were concerned, relocating a resource point was like the front-line fortress being removed, it reduced the obstructions, and they could easily invade deeper.</p>
<p>“No, something is wrong!”</p>
<p>“Super forces don’t easily relocate their resource points, but it is different now.”</p>
<p>“Heaven Refining Demon Venerable has been madly developing his sovereign immortal aperture, the Gu refinement price list in treasure yellow heaven mostly asks for earth path resource points too.”</p>
<p>“Fang clan could have secretly transacted with Fang Yuan using these resource points as the payment.”</p>
<p>“Then, how many Immortal Gu did they exchange for?”</p>
<p>A shocking thought flashed by Wan Zhui Qing’s mind, turning his face pale as paper.</p>
<p>“Fang clan has secretly traded with Fang Yuan, their strength has increased greatly. Our information on Fang clan is way off, oh no, tall pine oasis is in danger!”</p>
<p>When he realized this, Wan Zhui Qing immediately sent a message to Wan clan’s first supreme elder through treasure yellow heaven.</p>
<p>But at this time, Wan clan’s first supreme elder was controlling Winding Light Platform and making the final attacks on Fang clan’s earth path Immortal Gu House, how could he spare any time to look at Wan Zhui Qing’s message?</p>
<p>“Break!” Wan clan’s first supreme elder shouted.</p>
<p>“Hmph, wishful thinking.” Right at this time, a figure suddenly appeared above Wan clan’s first supreme elder.</p>
<p>Rank eight aura surged like a tide, it was Fang clan’s first supreme elder, rank eight Fang Gong!</p>
<p>Wan clan’s first supreme elder, however, did not even take a glance at Fang Gong. His sight was fixed on the earth path Immortal Gu House, he wanted to destroy this Immortal Gu House to make Fang clan suffer a heavy loss!</p>
<p>As for his safety, Wan clan’s first supreme elder was confident in the protection of Winding Light Platform.</p>
<p>However, all this was within Fang clan’s plan.</p>
<p>Immortal killer move — Roof Tile Breaker!</p>
<p>Fang Gong activated a killer move and slammed down with his palms.</p>
<p>Ripples spread around Winding Light Platform as it blocked Fang Gong’s attack.</p>
<p>Bam bam bam...</p>
<p>Fang Gong slammed down without stopping. Palm shadows flew in the air as attacks rained down on Winding Light Platform.</p>
<p>Rank seven Winding Light Platform possessed rank eight battle strength, blocking all of Fang Gong’s attacks.</p>
<p>But the expression of Wan clan’s first supreme elder changed abruptly.</p>
<p>He made a horrifying discovery: Every attack of Fang Gong’s possessed a strange power, although it could not destroy Winding Light Platform’s defensive methods, the power infiltrated the inside and caused severe damage to Winding Light Platform’s Gu worms!</p>
<p>Almost in an instant, Winding Light Platform was damaged to a great extent, the yellow beams of light that had been restricting Fang clan’s earth path Immortal Gu House lost their source of power and dispersed completely.</p>
<p>Wan clan’s first supreme elder almost spat blood from anger after seeing this.</p>
<p>“Fang clan, you have gone too far!” Wan clan’s first supreme elder immediately controlled Winding Light Platform to retreat.</p>
<p>He realized Fang clan was targeting him, more accurately, they were targeting Wan clan’s Immortal Gu House.</p>
<p>Compared to tall pine oasis, Winding Light Platform was Fang clan’s true objective.</p>
<p>Wan clan’s first supreme elder used all his strength to retreat.</p>
<p>But since Fang clan saw their real objective, why would they let it go so easily?</p>
<p>Under a normal situation, other Gu Immortals might not be able to block an Immortal Gu House’s charge and could only evade. But Fang Gong was an exception.</p>
<p>Fang Gong held down Winding Light Platform while Chicken Dog Coop also attacked.</p>
<p>After enduring for a while, Winding Light Platform crumbled apart loudly. Wan clan’s first supreme elder’s mind was filled with anger as he attacked Fang Gong.</p>
<p>Fang Gong’s expression was indifferent: “Wan clan’s first supreme elder, remember this moment. Our Fang clan is not to be trifled with, this Winding Light Platform is the price for going against us.”</p>
<p>Fang Gong punched lightly towards Wan clan’s first supreme elder while maintaining his momentum.</p>
<p>Wan clan’s first supreme elder only had rank seven cultivation, he simply could not catch Fang Gong’s attention.</p>
<p>But at the next moment, Wan clan’s first supreme elder’s expression suddenly stiffened. His killer move’s activation failed, causing him to get hit by an intense backlash, he was also struck by Fang Gong’s punch, he immediately turned into meat pulp, losing his life!</p>
<p>Everyone was stumped, including Fang Gong and Fang Di Chang.</p>
<p>“First supreme elder!!” Wan Xiao cried mournfully, he rode a wind falcon and took the chance to escape tall pine oasis.</p>
<p>His movement shook the Fang clan’s immortals as they regained their senses.</p>
<p>“What should we do now?” Fang Gong transmitted his voice to Fang Di Chang with an awkward expression.</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang’s expression was dark: “How could you kill Wan clan’s first supreme elder?”</p>
<p>This was different from their plan.</p>
<p>Fang clan’s true target was Wan clan’s Immortal Gu House. Wan clan had two Immortal Gu Houses, both were rank seven and could fight rank eight, they were the foundation which Wan clan relied on to be a super force. Their significance was far higher than that of tall pine oasis.</p>
<p>Getting rid of Winding Light Platform would be the greatest victory for Fang clan.</p>
<p>Fang clan’s prestige would rise sharply, no super force would dare to rashly unite against them again.</p>
<p>On the contrary, Wan clan would lose one of their rank seven Immortal Gu Houses, from then on, they could only hole up in their territory, unable to cause any more trouble.</p>
<p>But it was different now!</p>
<p>Wan clan’s first supreme elder was dead, this was a huge issue.</p>
<p>Wan clan would definitely retaliate with all their strength. They could use this reason to gather Western Desert’s righteous path forces and form a punitive expedition against Fang clan.</p>
<p>Because Fang clan had gone way beyond the limits.</p>
<p>Not only did they battle without prior notice, they even killed the other clan’s first supreme elder. It was like a neighbor suddenly crashing into someone’s home and killing its owner.</p>
<p>This action of Fang clan was completely a demonic path action. Righteous path forces would be frightened, afraid that they would be the next Wan clan.</p>
<p>Thereupon, Western Desert’s super forces would definitely unite.</p>
<p>“I already held back in that punch, but Wan clan’s first supreme elder was in an agitated state. He seemed to have triggered his killer move’s backlash, and by some freak coincidence, lost his life.” Fang Gong said with a sigh.</p>
<p>Although they won, Fang Gong was not happy.</p>
<p>Even the other Fang clan Gu Immortals felt a heavy mood, because all of them knew this matter was huge now.</p>
<p>Only one person was different.</p>
<p>Tang Fang Ming was hiding deep underground, excited and fearful.</p>
<p>“Amazing, this dream path killer move is truly amazing. Wan clan’s first supreme elder lost his life because of this, but Fang clan is completely unaware.”</p>
<p>“I have accomplished Lord Fang Yuan’s mission!”</p>
<p>[1] A type of food, Google for image.</p>
    </body>
</html>