<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2097: Number One Person In Dream Path</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2097: Number One Person In Dream Path</h1>
        
        <p>Wu Ji's expression sank: "If that Kong Ri Tian did not have Kong Sheng Tian's bloodline, I would not have lost that contest!"</p> 
<p>Wu Zhan Ping shook his head: "You did not lose. That Kong Ri Tian has Immortal Gu but he is just a mortal, even though he escaped luckily, so what? He cannot run for long, many righteous path Gu Immortals are already targeting him. If my Wu clan's Gu Immortals succeed, this true inheritance's value will rise greatly, it will suit you more."</p> 
<p>But Wu Ji still shook her head: "These three true inheritances are enslavement path, soul path, and qi path, they are all wonderful. It is a pity they do not suit me, I should continue cultivating my strength path."</p> 
<p>"Hmm?" Wu Zhan Ping frowned.</p> 
<p>Wu Zhen Zhu urged her: "Wu Ji, I know you have a strength path true inheritance, but that true inheritance has a low quality, its original owner was only a rank six Gu Immortal, it cannot compare to these three true inheritances at all."</p> 
<p>Seeing that Wu Ji was unmoved, Wu Zhen Zhu continued to speak: "And most importantly, strength path is declining, it cannot compare to enslavement path or soul path. Even though qi path was declining, with the merging of the five regions, qi tides appeared and qi path started to experience a rise again. Choosing qi path is definitely wiser than staying with strength path."</p> 
<p>But Wu Ji shook her head: "I'll choose strength path! Even though other true inheritances will allow me to have an easier time, if there is a strength path true inheritance, I'll still choose it. I will walk on strength path in my life, if I cannot use someone else's foundation, I will create my own."</p> 
<p>Wu Zhan Ping was unhappy: "Wu Ji, you are not a Gu Immortal yet, you do not know the difficulties that we face. The benefits of these three true inheritances are simply indescribable, but you cannot feel them yet. Listen to me and choose one of the three, in the future when you cultivate on this long journey, you will be glad about the decision you made today."</p> 
<p>Wu Ji's expression had never been so solemn, she bowed deeply at the two immortals: "Great immortals, I, Wu Ji, will never forget the care and concern that you have shown me. But if I do not choose strength path, I will regret it at the next moment. I have already decided on this, I will not change it further. Even if I fail in the future, I am willing to bear the consequences!"</p> 
<p>"You!"</p> 
<p>"Sigh..."</p> 
<p>Wu Zhen Zhu and Wu Zhan Ping shook their heads, they felt pity for Wu Ji who had given up such a great opportunity.</p> 
<p>Meng Zhen immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>The sky here was filled with a pink aurora that constantly moved and changed.</p> 
<p>At the center of the immortal aperture, there was a field of 'pink grassland', it was the earth dream fetus hair that Fang Yuan had spent a lot of effort to dig from Southern Border's underground.</p> 
<p>There was also a small sea of flowers situated at the north-most part of the immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>The flowers were all nine tune dream flowers, this type of flower only had one petal each, but it spiraled upwards from the roots and showed a spiral form with nine layers, it was quite peculiar.</p> 
<p>At the southeast of the immortal aperture, Meng Qiu Zhen specially created a lake.</p> 
<p>The lake had little water, it was hundreds of feet lower than the water level of the nearby shore. The entire lake was like a bowl that had a bit of water left inside it at the bottom.</p> 
<p>This lake water was called dream river water, in the lake, there was a type of monstrous fish that looked like a tongue, it was bright red and moved agilely, it was called tongue tip small dream fish.</p> 
<p>Finally, at the north-most part of the immortal aperture was a field of desolate bones.</p> 
<p>Hundreds of huge bones were buried on the ground, a portion of them was still exposed externally.</p> 
<p>These bones were also dream path Gu materials, they were obtained from the corpses of a few dream path ancient desolate beasts. Meng Qiu Zhen placed them here and set up the Gu formation, creating this bone dream sand farm.</p> 
<p>The sand farm was nourished using the bone marrow, gradually turning the soil into dream sand.</p> 
<p>Earth dream fetus hair, nine tune dream flower, dream river water, tongue tip small dream fish, and dream sand, these were all the dream path Gu materials that Fang Yuan obtained during this period of time.</p> 
<p>Currently speaking, dream path Gu materials were still very rare.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had almost ransacked the entire underground area of Southern Border but he only collected this much.</p> 
<p>"But inside Meng Zhen immortal aperture, these Gu materials will be nurtured well, soon, a stream of immortal materials will be produced."</p> 
<p>Meng Qiu Zhen was quite confident about this.</p> 
<p>Even though there were dream path dao marks at these dream path Gu materials' original locations, the surrounding dao marks were still mostly earth path, they were suppressed and could not develop well, they were simply living between the cracks.</p> 
<p>But now, they were moved into Meng Zhen immortal aperture, they were like flood dragons released into the ocean, or tigers entering a mountain, they could grow freely without restraint.</p> 
<p>In this relaxed environment that was predominantly made of dream path dao marks, these dream path Gu materials would have great growth.</p> 
<p>In addition, Fang Yuan had memories of the future, he had outstanding methods to nurture them, Meng Zhen immortal aperture's time difference with the outside world was also quite good.</p> 
<p>"This way, my dream path development has finally gotten on track, as long as I work hard, I will have ample gains in the future." Fang Yuan assessed himself.</p> 
<p>His investment into dream path would stop here.</p> 
<p>In terms of dream path mortal Gu recipes and experience in exploring dream realms, Fang Yuan had five hundred years of memories, he still had the upper hand.</p> 
<p>In terms of dream path Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan had four of them, he was definitely the top person in the current world.</p> 
<p>In terms of attainment level, Fang Yuan was a dream path master, there might be others who were at this level as well, but he was without doubt still among the fastest group of people.</p> 
<p>Furthermore, in terms of dream path Immortal Gu recipes and immortal materials, Fang Yuan was certainly the person with the number one results! He had two dream path Immortal Gu recipes that were undoubtedly accurate and exceptional. In terms of immortal materials, Fang Yuan also had an absolute advantage, Feng Jin Huang was just a mortal, even if Lady Poison Scorpion was a Gu Immortal, she was not an immortal ascended from the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique, she could not compare to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Comprehensively, Fang Yuan was definitely the number one person in the world in terms of dream path!</p> 
<p>Such results already exceeded Fang Yuan's expectations. In his plan, he only had to maintain a certain lead in dream path.</p> 
<p>And now was still not the time for the true rise of dream path.</p> 
<p>Taking Meng Zhen immortal aperture for example, it was definitely the number one dream path Gu material production ground in the world, but it could only produce rank six dream path immortal materials, the quantity was also pitifully small.</p> 
<p>Without sufficient dream path immortal materials, Fang Yuan could not raise the ranks of his dream path Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>The truth was, even though he had rank eight Immortal Gu like Dream Token and could use killer moves like dreamy light smoke, he could not gain an advantage against Duke Long or Spectral Soul in combat.</p> 
<p>In battles of the highest level, dream path was only a special method that could intimidate and make the foes wary.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan wanted to explore Crazed Demon Cave, he would need to face the likely revived Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, who was inside the Door of Life and Death.</p> 
<p>Facing such existences, his dream path methods that were still at the early stages of development were unreliable as his main methods.</p> 
<p>"The truth is, by combining the perfect Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique and Spectral Soul's split soul method, I can create dream path Gu Immortals in bulk. But the extra dream path immortal apertures are useless, the greatest gain will still be natural inspiration, I will obtain new dream path Immortal Gu recipes. Even if I try to use the ascension tribulation to refine Immortal Gu, it will not be easy."</p> 
<p>Tribulations were controlled by heaven's will, they could be strong or weak. When strong, there would be more heaven and earth qi, after succeeding the tribulation, there would be a lot of heaven and earth qi left behind to use for refining Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>But if heaven's will reduced the strength of the tribulation, there would not be extra heaven and earth qi, he could not refine dream path Immortal Gu in that case.</p> 
<p>If heaven's will did that, Fang Yuan's gains would be very small. Firstly, the cost of creating Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies was high, he had to use a large number of dream realms!</p> 
<p>If heaven's will tried something new and altered the tribulation contents, Fang Yuan would be in danger as well. After all, Fang Yuan's dream path foundation was already exposed to heaven's will last time.</p> 
<p>Thus, recuperating for some time and using Meng Zhen immortal aperture to hide from heaven's will and develop rapidly, while refining new dream path Immortal Gu before undergoing tribulation was the best method now.</p> 
<p>Continuing to invest in dream path would not have much relative returns. If Fang Yuan continued his investment, he would face heaven's will's suppression and also the pressure of being a frontrunner, it would be difficult and troublesome. He might as well wait until dream path flourished and dream realms were everywhere, after the trend grew to that extent, he could use the opportunity to develop, saving time and energy.</p> 
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan did not want to keep the dream realms that he had.</p> 
<p>In the hands of others, these dream realms would give them an opportunity to stay ahead of the era. Be it Western Desert's Tang clan, Central Continent's Feng Jin Huang, or Northern Plains' Lady Poison Scorpion, they would be the same.</p> 
<p>But for Fang Yuan, the true value of these dream realms was that they could raise his attainment levels and allow him to annex more grotto-heavens.</p> 
<p>Meng Qiu Zhen was truly the dream path clone that Fang Yuan took effort to create, his dream realm exploration efficiency was many times higher than the main body.</p> 
<p>As Fang Yuan's attainment levels rose, he made great gains.</p> 
<p>At the same time, he also continued to annex the grotto-heavens in the two heavens.</p> 
<p>Each grotto-heaven had at least a million dao marks, a thousand heaven path dao marks, as well as a vast amount of cultivation resources.</p> 
<p>These grotto-heavens had long histories behind them, Fang Yuan annexed everything, it was the same as instantly taking the accumulations of others for countless years.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's strength grew time and again, each time, his improvement was huge, this speed was simply unheard of.</p> 
<p>The specialty of the sovereign immortal body and the power of unrestrained heavenly mark, they surpassed the logic of the cultivation world. Either one would allow a person to rise to the top, leaving their name in history.</p> 
<p>The most terrifying thing was when they were used together, the effect would be even greater! The actual result created would far surpass a simple addition of the two.</p> 
<p>But be it a rise in foundation or strength, Fang Yuan still remained as a pseudo venerable.</p> 
<p>He might be the number one pseudo venerable in history, but that was pointless.</p> 
<p>Without becoming a venerable, there would be no qualitative change.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan cultivated secretly while annexing immortal apertures, he also inspected his own luck very often.</p> 
<p>The silver white pillar of light was getting thicker, but the clouds above him were also growing in size. Be it the black cloud representing Spectral Soul Demon Venerable or the golden cloud representing Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, they were growing.</p> 
<p>As for the star cloud representing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, it had expanded by several times, far surpassing the other two.</p> 
<p>The situation had not reached the worst scenario yet, Fang Yuan still had time to continue his cultivation and recuperation.</p>
    </body>
</html>
