<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2306: Yet Another Rank Nine Immortal Gu</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2306: Yet Another Rank Nine Immortal Gu</h1>
        <p>Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.</p>
<p>Mini Eastern Sea.</p>
<p>Refinement Sea’s sea area.</p>
<p>Sea breeze blew and sound of the waves could be heard constantly.</p>
<p>An elderly rank five hairy man was lying on a dinghy in an unconscious state.</p>
<p>The dinghy moved along with the waves, if no changes occurred, this elderly hairy man was going to face death by drowning.</p>
<p>But a towered ship was moving past here, and the people on the ship started shouting when they noticed the dingy.</p>
<p>When the elderly hairy man woke up, he found he was already on the towered ship.</p>
<p>“Elder, are you also going to the refinement path sacred land to compete for the qualifications to enter Floating Refinement Hive?” A hairy man Gu Master on the ship asked.</p>
<p>The elder nodded: ”I live in Mini Northern Plains, I heard about Floating Refinement Hive and learned that it was forged by the orders of our Supreme Lord Great Love Immortal Venerable. This refinement path sacred land might be my final hope to make a breakthrough.”</p>
<p>The hairy man Gu Masters on the ship exclaimed in surprise: ”Senior, it is really not easy for you to make such a long trip from Mini Northern Plains to here, you have our respect!”</p>
<p>The elderly hairy man shook his head, smiling bitterly: ”At first, it was not just me, there were three others as well. But on the dangerous journey, two died in succession, while the remaining one did not dare to continue and returned. So, only I arrived here.”</p>
<p>Sovereign immortal aperture was not safe.</p>
<p>Especially when abnormal situations occurred frequently, the stable living habitats were the areas where clans or large groups settled; those areas were usually protected by immortal formations or Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>Even rank five Gu Masters would have to face huge risks if they were to make a long journey.</p>
<p>The elderly hairy man also asked about the origins of the hairy man Gu Masters on the ship.</p>
<p>Like what he had expected, these hairy man Gu Masters came from Mini Eastern Sea’s three hairy man continents.</p>
<p>Back then, Lang Ya blessed land’s Yellow Hair Continent, Black Hair Continent, and White Hair Continent were jointly called three hairy man continents.</p>
<p>These hairy man Gu Masters had different cultivation levels; rank four were the majority, there were few rank fives, and there were also rank threes but they were rare.</p>
<p>“I am really envious of you, you all live so close to the refinement path sacred land!” The elderly hairy man let out his inner sigh.</p>
<p>“What’s the point of being close? We are forbidden from entering during normal times.”</p>
<p>“How can we be allowed to enter the sacred land so casually?”</p>
<p>“From what I know, many Gu Immortals’ descendants can enter casually. Sigh, we can’t compare to them. They have Gu Immortal seniors, they enter or leave this area through flying boats which are extremely fast!”</p>
<p>“As long as this test is not difficult and I pass it, I will have the qualifications to enter and leave here freely.”</p>
<p>The hairy man Gu Masters discussed.</p>
<p>Several days later, the elderly hairy man and the hairy man Gu Masters arrived above a Floating Refinement Hive.</p>
<p>The Floating Refinement Hive was enormous and towering, making all the Gu Masters exclaim in shock.</p>
<p>A voice entered every person’s ears, instructing the correct path to enter the Floating Refinement Hive.</p>
<p>The Floating Refinement Hive’s structure was even more complex, there were countless rooms and corridors which made it easy to get lost.</p>
<p>With the guidance of that voice, the hairy man Gu Masters found their rooms one after the other.</p>
<p>There were all kinds of living amenities in the rooms but they were extremely simple, clearly showing the style of asceticism.</p>
<p>That night, the newly arrived hairy man Gu Masters slept well.</p>
<p>The second day began, Gu materials were sent to the separate Gu refinement chamber in the room.</p>
<p>The hairy man Gu Masters began their Gu refinement.</p>
<p>According to the explanation of that mysterious voice, this was the initial test; the Gu Masters were required to use their most proficient methods to process Gu materials or refine Gu worms.</p>
<p>This test lasted for three days in which time Gu Masters could display their attainment to their heart’s content.</p>
<p>After the test, Gu Masters would be shifted to different rooms; some moved to higher floors while some were dropped to lower floors.</p>
<p>Floating Refinement Hive did not restrict interaction between Gu Masters, all kinds of small-scale meetings were held during night frequently.</p>
<p>The rank five elderly hairy man Gu Master saw many excellent Gu Master. Among them, hairy men were the most numerous, but there were also humans, and even some other variant human Gu Masters.</p>
<p>He also heard many news. One day, according to everyone’s speculation, they concluded that the Gu Masters on higher floors had better results.</p>
<p>Because the higher the floor, the better the environment of the room, and the more exquisite the food served.</p>
<p>Gu Masters began to compete intensely based on this standard.</p>
<p>Floating Refinement Hive never lacked tasks to process Gu materials, refine Gu worms, or create new Gu.</p>
<p>If the Gu Masters passed with good results, they could request guidance from the mysterious voice, learning exquisite Gu refinement knowledge and techniques.</p>
<p>After living here for a couple of weeks, all the Gu Masters felt their strength rising rapidly.</p>
<p>Like this, fourteen days passed and the Gu Masters faced the mid-term test.</p>
<p>A top tier Gu material needed to be processed by many Gu Masters together.</p>
<p>The Gu Masters were distributed in their respective rooms, they watched the real-time video and processed the material together at separate locations. The video was lifelike and even had vivid temperature and smell like it truly existed. The real Gu materials were in a refinement path Gu formation in a secret area and were not placed before the Gu Masters.</p>
<p>Such a method was unimaginable, shocking and awing the Gu Masters.</p>
<p>The mid-term test soon ended. Ten or so days passed again before it was time for the final test.</p>
<p>This time, the test was to process immortal materials.</p>
<p>Naturally, the main lead were Gu Immortals, every Floating Refinement Hive had at least one refinement path Gu Immortal. The Gu Masters were in charge of doing some supplementary tasks like processing a part of the immortal material, and so on.</p>
<p>After passing the final test, the Gu Masters possessed the qualifications to enter and leave Refinement Sea freely.</p>
<p>But this qualification had a time limit of fifty years. Once this time limit was up, they had to retake the test.</p>
<p>Most of Fang Yuan’s Floating Refinement Hives were packed with Gu Masters.</p>
<p>The earlier stage did not have a high standard, most of the Gu Masters could pass and obtain this qualification.</p>
<p>But in the future, as the population increases explosively, there would be intense competition in every field. This was even more so for the qualification to enter Refinement Sea.</p>
<p>Every Floating Refinement Hive could borrow the help of Refinement Sea and greatly raise the success rate of Gu refinement. At the same time, the wasted Gu materials from refining in these refinement hives were melted by the Floating Refinement Hives and sent to Refinement Sea.</p>
<p>Both components complemented each other.</p>
<p>If there was no replenishment from the Floating Refinement Hives, the current Refinement Sea’s water level would have already fallen by a lot.</p>
<p>After all, Fang Yuan had been trying to advance an Immortal Gu for many days.</p>
<p>The central area of Refinement Sea was an absolute forbidden ground, only the Gu Immortals permitted by Fang Yuan could enter.</p>
<p>It was because Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool was there!</p>
<p>Suddenly, a rumbling sound spread from Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, a light pillar suddenly took shape and soared towards the sky.</p>
<p>The light pillar slowly dissipated and a rank nine Immortal Gu revealed itself.</p>
<p>This heaven path Immortal Gu looked like a crystal spider, it was clear and transparent with no flaws on the body. The spider’s eight legs were slim and long, its body was also small and raised high by the eight legs.</p>
<p>It was heavenly web Gu.</p>
<p>And on the back of heavenly web Gu, there was a cobweb-like white insignia.</p>
<p>This was unique to rank nine heavenly web Gu, rank eight heavenly web Gu did not have it.</p>
<p>“Success, master gained yet another rank nine Immortal Gu!”</p>
<p>“Goodness, it is our utmost glory to be able to participate in this whole process.”</p>
<p>“As long as this continues, master will definitely trample on all the venerables one day!!”</p>
<p>There were other Gu Immortals who took part in the advance refinement process in Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, most of them were hairy men. They looked at the sky and sighed with emotions.</p>
<p>Under the control of Fang Yuan’s divine sense, rank nine heavenly web Gu disappeared shortly after.</p>
<p>“Rank nine heavenly web Gu is also refined.”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s mood was tranquil.</p>
<p>He had refined several rank nine Immortal Gu, he was becoming used to it and did not feel excitement.</p>
<p>Although the Gu refinement failed twice, there was no setbacks after that and it finished smoothly.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had pondered over this before finally choosing to advance heavenly web Gu.</p>
<p>He needed an Immortal Gu that could help him in frontal offense and defense. And among the two main aspects of offense and defense, Fang Yuan unhesitatingly chose the latter.</p>
<p>Because of non-conflicting dao marks of sovereign immortal body, its defense was extremely weak and was Fang Yuan’s shortcoming.</p>
<p>If other venerables used this point, Fang Yuan would have almost no place in a frontal combat and the consequences would be extremely severe.</p>
<p>When heavenly web Gu was activated by itself, it could release a giant web to trap the target.</p>
<p>Strictly speaking, it was not a defensive Gu, it belonged to the offensive aspect.</p>
<p>But it was the core of a defensive killer move —Heavenly Web Protection Veil.</p>
<p>Heavenly web protection veil’s power increased massively and was even stronger than reverse flow protection seal now.</p>
<p>Moreover, heavenly web Gu could be used in obscured heavenly secret, increasing the power of this move as well.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan chose heaven path and gave up on refinement path because refinement path did not specialize in offense; moreover, it was too widely spread.</p>
<p>Heaven path had extremely wide future prospects, and when developed well, was far better than human path.</p>
<p>Even more amazing was that almost no one had the qualifications to cultivate heaven path.</p>
<p>So, it was extremely wise of Fang Yuan to choose heaven path as his specialty. Using heaven path for offensive methods was naturally the best choice.</p>
<p>Taking back the rank nine heavenly web Gu, Fang Yuan inspected his storage.</p>
<p>Because of two failures, a lot of heaven path immortal materials were expended. As for the secluded domain of heaven and earth, Refinement Sea, the sea level did fall but not to the point of exceeding the limit, it could self-recover even if it was not looked after.</p>
<p>Naturally, the constant resource deposit by Floating Refinement Hives accelerated the recovery of Refinement Sea.</p>
<p>Just as Fang Yuan was planning on which rank eight Immortal Gu to advance next, news arrived.</p>
<p>Five Heavenly Court immortals surrounded and attacked Lin clan’s first supreme elder Lin Jian Xing but were utterly defeated. Lin Jian Xing revealed pseudo venerable battle strength, he colluded with Fang clan and helped to hide them, sending them intel secretly. Moreover, he was an otherworldly demon himself!</p>
<p>There was much evidence pointing to the fact that Lin Jian Xing colluded with and protected Fang clan, it could be said to be ironclad. As an information path great expert, Zhou Xiong Xin not only had the ability to gather clues, he also had the ability to forge false evidence.</p>
<p>As for Lin Jian Xing’s otherworldly demon identity, it was deduced by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable personally.</p>
<p>The whole world was in an uproar, Western Desert was in even more chaos.</p>
<p>It was not easy for a pseudo venerable to emerge in this region, but before Western Desert’s righteous path could feel any pride about this, they were dumbfounded.</p>
<p>This pseudo venerable Lin Jian Xing was actually dabbling in the demonic path and his involvement was quite deep!</p>
    </body>
</html>