<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2271: Left To Their Own Devices</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2271: Left To Their Own Devices</h1>
        <p>At once, the situation became very complex.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable broke through the heavenly chasm and chased after them.</p>
<p>Fairy Zi Wei and Ying Wu Xie were trapped in the middle.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court’s three immortals, Golden Hooped Great Immortal, Seven Fiendish Primeval</p>
<p>Monarch, and Duke Mei stood in front of the Shadow Sect members, while Feng Jiu Ge was</p>
<p>indeed hiding nearby like what Fairy Zi Wei predicted.</p>
<p>If Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had his sanity, Feng Jiu Ge would not do this, that was too</p>
<p>risky.</p>
<p>Fairy Zi Wei was really only trying her luck earlier.</p>
<p>She could not be certain of Feng Jiu Ge’s location, this was only a possibility she deduced.</p>
<p>After all, Feng Jiu Ge did not kill them but used a method on them. This meant that Feng Jiu Ge</p>
<p>wanted to make use of the two.</p>
<p>Fairy Zi Wei was in a desperate situation, she had to use all the methods she could think of, in</p>
<p>that situation, Feng Jiu Ge became her hope.</p>
<p>But Feng Jiu Ge showed no signs of helping.</p>
<p>He squinted as he looked at the two Shadow Sect immortals from afar, he sighed internally: ”It is</p>
<p>useless, I can already hear the cries of your destiny, even though it has some turbulence, it is</p>
<p>en-route to the abyss, the outcome has been decided.”</p>
<p>During this period when he went missing, he had been cultivating the killer move destiny song,</p>
<p>he made a lot of progress.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s left head growled as soul balls appeared out of nowhere.</p>
<p>The soul balls had tiny tadpole-like tails behind them as they quickly got close to Fairy Zi Wei</p>
<p>and Ying Wu Xie, before exploding intensely.</p>
<p>Fairy Zi Wei and Ying Wu Xie could not resist them, their souls shook and almost shattered on</p>
<p>the spot.</p>
<p>“Attack!” At the other end, Duke Mei was the first to use his killer move.</p>
<p>Golden Hooped Great Immortal and Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch followed closely after.</p>
<p>“I am going to die!” Ying Wu Xie’s expression was ashen.</p>
<p>“How can this be?” At the next moment, Fairy Zi Wei’s expression turned to shock.</p>
<p>Because the Heavenly Court immortals’ attacks were not aimed at them but Spectral Soul</p>
<p>Demon Venerable instead, they resisted the soul ball method while helping to defend the</p>
<p>Shadow Sect immortals.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court was saving the Shadow Sect immortals?</p>
<p>Even a wisdom path great expert like Fairy Zi Wei was stunned.</p>
<p>“Don’t tell me, because Star Constellation Immortal Venerable revived, she is allowing me to</p>
<p>return to Heavenly Court in exchange for betraying master?”</p>
<p>“Or maybe, they want to capture the crucial split soul, Ying Wu Xie, to use a method against</p>
<p>master?”</p>
<p>Methods to create clones were convenient but they also exposed a weakness.</p>
<p>In this world, nothing was perfect.</p>
<p>With benefit came cost.</p>
<p>Clone methods had many demerits, the main thing was that their connection to the main body</p>
<p>could be exploited.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s split soul had a weakness that was exposed long ago.</p>
<p>It was the sharing of attainment level.</p>
<p>It was an advantage and also a disadvantage.</p>
<p>When Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s clone created sovereign immortal fetus Gu, a vast</p>
<p>amount of attainment levels were expended, forming dream realms.</p>
<p>This caused Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s own attainment level to fall as well.</p>
<p>Regardless of the intention of the three Heavenly Court immortals, the Shadow Sect immortals</p>
<p>had survived because of them.</p>
<p>Far away, Feng Jiu Ge shook his head.</p>
<p>Be it the Shadow Sect immortals or Heavenly Court’s three immortals, their efforts were all in</p>
<p>vain.</p>
<p>As expected, the number of soul balls continued to increase, they grew to a scale that the five</p>
<p>immortals had trouble defending against.</p>
<p>Be it Fairy Zi Wei or Duke Mei, they were all in desperation.</p>
<p>“Is this the might of a venerable?!”</p>
<p>“Spectral Soul Demon Venerable has lost his senses and even has such heavy injuries...”</p>
<p>“Damn it!”</p>
<p>The Heavenly Court immortals could not save the Shadow Sect immortals, they were implicated</p>
<p>instead and became Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s next targets.</p>
<p>At the next moment, a huge number of soul balls would explode intensely and take the lives of</p>
<p>these five immortals...</p>
<p>At this moment.</p>
<p>Feng Jiu Ge’s expression changed.</p>
<p>“Oh?” At this moment, he felt a vast power rampaging into the battlefield.</p>
<p>This was the power of luck path, it was grand and vast!</p>
<p>“Luck path... is the representation of uncertainty.”</p>
<p>“This power was initially small, but as the luck path dao marks in the two heavens grew, a huge</p>
<p>variable was created. Who is the source of this?”</p>
<p>Feng Jiu Ge pondered deeply.</p>
<p>The power of luck path was so grand it was on par with a rank nine killer move!</p>
<p>Crack crack.</p>
<p>The power of luck path changed the two heavens, it changed the entire battlefield.</p>
<p>Originally, the two heavens were fusing together, black heaven and white heaven were joining</p>
<p>together piece and piece. The five immortals were in the area of white heaven.</p>
<p>But now, the immemorial black heaven fragment flew towards them from afar.</p>
<p>White heaven had abundant light path dao marks, while black heaven had more dark path dao</p>
<p>marks, because of the conflict of dao marks, as the immemorial black heaven approached,</p>
<p>white heaven’s fragment shattered.</p>
<p>A large number of black and white heaven fragments created a huge current.</p>
<p>The current swept like a torrent, bringing Spectral Soul Demon Venerable along with it.</p>
<p>Without Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s control, the soul balls stayed at their spots without</p>
<p>moving or exploding.</p>
<p>“We need to go!” Using this chance, Fairy Zi Wei brought Ying Wu Xie along as they flew into</p>
<p>the immemorial black heaven that was right beside them.</p>
<p>“Wait.” The three Heavenly Court immortals quickly chased them.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was swept away by the two heavens’ current, but after it</p>
<p>weakened, he was freed again.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was covered in injuries currently, heaven path dao marks were</p>
<p>carved all over his injuries. There were even fragments of the two heavens stabbed into his</p>
<p>body, it was as if he was stabbed by countless mirrors.</p>
<p>Because he was far away and due to the heaven path dao marks on his injuries, Spectral Soul</p>
<p>Demon Venerable could no longer sense Ying Wu Xie.</p>
<p>He was senseless and could not use investigative or tracking methods.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable roared in anger and vented for some time before he was lured</p>
<p>towards a nearby grotto-heaven.</p>
<p>This was Flickering Light grotto-heaven.</p>
<p>Inside, the leader of Flickering Light grotto-heaven, Gu Immortal Liang Jing Jing, was already</p>
<p>trembling in fear.</p>
<p>In the past, with Flickering Light grotto-heaven hidden and condensed into a tiny spot, Spectral</p>
<p>Soul Demon Venerable would not be able to find it in his current state.</p>
<p>But now, the fusion of the two heavens had reached the most intense moment, as a heaven</p>
<p>vein node, Flickering Light grotto-heaven was affected by it and got exposed to the outside</p>
<p>world.</p>
<p>“Alliance Leader, save me!!” Liang Jing Jing did not hesitate, she quickly asked Fang Yuan for</p>
<p>help.</p>
<p>“I am willing to contribute light heaven for a large amount of contribution points in exchange for</p>
<p>Lord Alliance Leader’s help to save my Flickering Light grotto-heaven!” Liang Jing Jing</p>
<p>screamed out in terror.</p>
<p>“Light heaven?” Fang Yuan quickly received Liang Jing Jing’s distress message while he was</p>
<p>unsealing the truthful floating ice.</p>
<p>After receiving the letter, he learned of light heaven.</p>
<p>Flickering Light grotto-heaven had devoured many fragments of the immemorial nine heavens,</p>
<p>but its inner space was still too small.</p>
<p>A certain generation’s Flickering Light Grotto Lord came up with a brilliant plan to develop the</p>
<p>grotto-heaven, that was to create an artificial heaven.</p>
<p>That was the source of light heaven.</p>
<p>From then on, the generations of Gu Immortals of Flickering Light grotto-heaven spent their</p>
<p>lives to work on this grand plan, contributing everything into this.</p>
<p>They collected heavenly light and refined them carefully, slowly expanding the light heaven of</p>
<p>Flickering Light grotto-heaven.</p>
<p>Its current size had already surpassed the original space of Flickering Light grotto-heaven itself.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan quickly considered this.</p>
<p>His original plan was to let Zhan Bu Du stabilize the immortal aperture while he built more</p>
<p>resource points and created more dao veins. After that, he would absorb the Primordial Domain</p>
<p>and gain a huge boost of attainment levels.</p>
<p>With the attainment levels and stabilized the sovereign immortal aperture, he would be able to</p>
<p>annex more grotto-heavens of the two heavens.</p>
<p>In the current situation, Flickering Light grotto-heaven was going to be destroyed, Fang Yuan’s</p>
<p>plans were unable to keep up with the development of events.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was currently only a master in light path.</p>
<p>If he wanted to defend Flickering Light grotto-heaven, he would need to fight against Spectral</p>
<p>Soul Demon Venerable. If the battle becomes too intense and obscured heavenly secret fails,</p>
<p>he would be exposed, causing Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal</p>
<p>Venerable to attack him at the same time.</p>
<p>And most crucially, against other venerables, Fang Yuan did not have much of an advantage.</p>
<p>Even though he had two rank nine Immortal Gu, he had not created complementary killer moves</p>
<p>to use them with. He also had refinement path as his main path, it was not specialized in</p>
<p>fighting.</p>
<p>“If the venerables end up fighting, I only have an advantage in immortal essence. However, if</p>
<p>they join up to suppress me, my immortal essence will be countered by their sheer number.”</p>
<p>“I cannot save Flickering Light grotto-heaven!”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan decided to abandon Flickering Light grotto-heaven resolutely.</p>
<p>“Lord Alliance Leader, this light heaven is incredibly valuable, if you place it in the sovereign</p>
<p>immortal aperture, it will be a great addition.” Liang Jing Jing urged, this was the only thing that</p>
<p>she could offer to Fang Yuan now.</p>
<p>“Lord Alliance Leader, can you hear me? Please reply to me!!!” Liang Jing Jing stomped her feet</p>
<p>in anxiety.</p>
<p>But now, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had already arrived, with a loud sound, he destroyed</p>
<p>the grotto-heaven’s entrance.</p>
<p>Hundreds or thousands of arms entered the immortal aperture, wherever they went, lives were</p>
<p>slaughtered, nobody could defend against the might of the venerable!</p>
<p>Liang Jing Jing had to hide in light heaven while she cried and sought help from Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had an indifferent expression, he knew that this decision would affect his prestige,</p>
<p>but fighting against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was even worse.</p>
<p>These subordinates were only tools in his contest against the venerables, he would not sacrifice</p>
<p>his own benefits for just one of these tools.</p>
<p>Chess pieces were pieces because they were meant to be used, they were also meant to be</p>
<p>discarded when necessary.</p>
<p>“Fang Yuan, I hate you, I hate you! How dare you call yourself Great Love Immortal Venerable?</p>
<p>I was wrong about you, you are leaving us to die, you are not fit to be the alliance leader!!”</p>
<p>Liang Jing Jing cursed in despair.</p>
<p>At this moment, Fang Yuan showed a joyful expression.</p>
<p>He had reached a qualitative development in unsealing the truthful floating ice.</p>
<p>His heaven path attainment level reached grandmaster!</p>
<p>The number of heaven path dao marks rose drastically, while other paths’ attainment level also</p>
<p>grew slightly.</p>
<p>And most importantly, he gained heavenly secret Gu’s rank nine recipe!</p>
<p>“Rank nine heavenly secret Gu?”</p>
<p>This was an unexpected gain for Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Even someone like him could not help but feel his eyes light up.</p>
<p>“It was really wise to not save Flickering Light grotto-heaven.”</p>
<p>“That was close...”</p>
<p>“If I had interfered to save Flickering Light grotto-heaven, it would trigger a battle between</p>
<p>venerables later. I would have been a step away from obtaining rank nine heavenly secret</p>
<p>Immortal Gu’s recipe!”</p>
<p>This Immortal Gu recipe came at the perfect timing, it was very useful to Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan immediately decided that his third rank nine Immortal Gu would be — Heavenly</p>
<p>Secret!</p>
    </body>
</html>