<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2299: Floating Refinement Hive</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2299: Floating Refinement Hive</h1>
        <p>Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.</p>
<p>“So, can you tell me anything about my father?” Gu Yue Fang Xiang looked at the hairy man Gu Immortal in front of him.</p>
<p>Beside him, there was a female immortal.</p>
<p>The hairy man Gu Immortal Twelfth Hair took a look at the female immortal before casting his gaze at Gu Yue Fang Xiang.</p>
<p>This female immortal was mermaid Lian Ke Xin.</p>
<p>It turned out that after Gu Yue Fang Xiang passed the tribulation to become a Gu Immortal and returned to the hairy man continent, he saw his mother—Steel Thread City Lord—who was in an unconscious state.</p>
<p>Lian Ke Xin had been helping him with his tribulation, she explained the truth of this world to him, Gu Yue Fang Xiang realized that to save his mother, he needed to make sufficient contributions to the Great Love Immortal Venerable of this world. In that case, he could use contribution points that he earned to issue a mission for those healing Gu Immortals to heal his mother.</p>
<p>Moreover, Lian Ke Xin told Fang Xiang that this hairy man continent was governed by a hairy man Gu Immortal, if he wanted to find his father, he could go and ask him.</p>
<p>Under Lian Ke Xin’s lead, Gu Yue Fang Xiang met Twelfth Hair for the first time, he asked about the information regarding his father.</p>
<p>Twelfth Hair nodded: ”I do know something... about your father. But that is from long ago, if you want to know, help me with something.”</p>
<p>Gu Yue Fang Xiang was a little hesitant, he did not agree immediately.</p>
<p>Lian Ke Xin saw this and immediately said: ”Friend Twelfth Hair, Fang Xiang has just become an immortal, if you want to request a difficult task, we will have to decline.”</p>
<p>Gu Yue Fang Xiang casted a grateful gaze at Lian Ke Xin.</p>
<p>Twelfth Hair laughed loudly: ”Friend Fang Xiang has half of our hairy man bloodline, why will I bully him? Don’t worry, this matter involves the arrangement of Floating Refinement Hive.”</p>
<p>“Oh? You have already refined this hive?” Lian Ke Xin was really surprised.</p>
<p>Twelfth Hair answered: ”With the method that our master created personally, we hairy man Gu Immortals only had to follow the instructions to achieve success.”</p>
<p>Next, Twelfth Hair looked at Fang Xiang: ”Floating Refinement Hive has already been created, you only need to place it inside Refinement Sea. This is much easier than creating it, if you can complete the mission, I will tell you things about your father.”</p>
<p>Gu Yue Fang Xiang could not decide, he looked towards Lian Ke Xin subconsciously.</p>
<p>Lian Ke Xin smiled at him and nodded.</p>
<p>“Alright, I’ll do it.” Gu Yue Fang Xiang immediately decided.</p>
<p>Thus, Twelfth Hair transferred the Floating Refinement Hive into Gu Yue Fang Xiang’s immortal aperture.</p>
<p>Gu Yue Fang Xiang saw the Floating Refinement Hive for the first time, this structure was quite peculiar, it was large as a mountain but had the appearance and structure of a beehive, there were many small spaces of various sizes inside.</p>
<p>Floating Refinement Hive had a narrow top and a broad bottom which was the base of the hive, it could float on the sea and resist huge waves with great stability.</p>
<p>“This is amazing!” Fang Xiang used investigative methods and observed, his eyes stared wide in amazement.</p>
<p>Twelfth Hair laughed and said in a proud tone: ”This is invented by our master, of course it is amazing. Each Floating Refinement Hive can be considered an incomplete secluded domain of heaven and earth. It contains countless refinement path dao marks, if one refined Gu inside, not only will the success rate be much higher, they can even save on the cost of Gu refinement.”</p>
<p>“Floating Refinement Hive can not only accommodate countless refinement path Gu Masters, it can also hold ten refinement path Gu Immortals at most. With refinement path Gu Immortals stationed here, the hive can continuously produce Immortal Gu! Each Floating Refinement Hive can be seen as a refinement path super resource point.”</p>
<p>“Alright, there is no time, get going now.”</p>
<p>Fang Xiang nodded and immediately set off to Refinement Sea with Lian Ke Xin.</p>
<p>Refinement Sea was at the center of Mini Eastern Sea, it was not large compared to the other sea areas but it had extraordinary value.</p>
<p>“This is a genuine secluded domain of heaven and earth!” After hearing Lian Ke Xin’s explanation, Fang Yuan understood the value of Refinement Sea.</p>
<p>“Master is really amazing! His methods are unfathomable like true immortal deities, he can even create his own secluded domain of heaven and earth.” Fang Xiang praised continuously.</p>
<p>The current Refinement Sea had already been completed by Fang Yuan, it was a genuine secluded domain of heaven and earth!</p>
<p>Back then, Lang Ya land spirit used calamities and tribulations to collect water path dao marks and painstakingly built the incomplete Refinement Sea. After Fang Yuan obtained it, his speed of building it was many times faster.</p>
<p>Firstly, Fang Yuan was a venerable, he was even stronger than Long Hair Ancestor, not to mention Lang Ya land spirit.</p>
<p>Secondly, Fang Yuan was a supreme grandmaster in refinement path. The current supreme grandmaster was far superior to the supreme grandmaster of the past.</p>
<p>Thirdly, Fang Yuan had sovereign immortal body with non-conflicting dao marks, he could use methods of any path. He directly used water path methods that were far more efficient than Lang Ya land spirit’s idea.</p>
<p>Fang Xiang soon found his destination, but there was a need to create an immortal formation here. The content was much more difficult that he imagined.</p>
<p>That was because there was more than one Floating Refinement Hive, in the current Refinement Sea, there were many other hives.</p>
<p>Arranging the Floating Refinement Hive was not as simple as dumping it here. It needed a stable location to form a certain connection with the surrounding Floating Refinement Hives.</p>
<p>After the Floating Refinement Hives reached a certain number, the immortal formation would activate and cause all the hives to float around with the waves of Refinement Sea.</p>
<p>They were like ink pens that drew a painting on this Refinement Sea as the canvas. Refinement Sea helped the Refinement Hives to refine Gu while the Refinement Hives replenished the Refinement Sea after it was expended greatly.</p>
<p>This was a grand system that was established!</p>
<p>Under Lian Ke Xin’s guidance and cooperation, Fang Xiang started arranging the immortal formation.</p>
<p>Three days later, they only completed ten percent of it.</p>
<p>“This will not do, it is too slow.” Lian Ke Xin immediately decided as she used some contribution points to post a mission to recruit helpers.</p>
<p>Not long after, a Gu Immortal came.</p>
<p>“I am a newly advanced formation path Gu Immortal, Ni Lao Shi.” This Ni clan Gu Immortal was a purebred human, he accepted Lian Ke Xin’s mission.</p>
<p>With his help, there was rapid progress.</p>
<p>Three days passed, the arrangement of Refinement Hive was finally completed.</p>
<p>Fang Xiang and Ni Lao Shi left with lingering reluctance, they became good friends after three days.</p>
<p>Fang Xiang had spent his entire life on the hairy man continent, he rarely interacted with humans. He knew that his father was a human, so he bore curiosity and good feelings for them.</p>
<p>Ni Lao Shi was honest and loyal, it was natural that they became good friends.</p>
<p>Fang Xiang’s perspective of the humans improved again.</p>
<p>After completing Twelfth Hair’s mission, he returned to the hairy man continent and asked about his father.</p>
<p>As for Ni Lao Shi, he took a sum of contribution points from Lian Ke Xin and immediately went back to his clan.</p>
<p>After returning to Ni clan’s territory, he was welcomed by the entire clan’s cheers.</p>
<p>Ni clan was originally situated in Southern Border, it was moved into the sovereign immortal aperture by Fang Yuan to research the human path Gu refinement method.</p>
<p>Right now, Fang Yuan became a refinement path venerable, Ni clan lost its value but still remained in the sovereign immortal aperture to develop.</p>
<p>Ni clan had several Gu Immortal seeds, but the least outstanding Ni Lao Shi actually succeeded in the immortal ascension.</p>
<p>With a Gu Immortal, Ni clan became a super force.</p>
<p>Ni Lao Shi assembled the higher-ups of Ni clan and expressed his thoughts to them.</p>
<p>“One of master’s clones has some gains from researching dream path, he is able to create a dream path formation to raise the aptitude of an entire clan. I already have sufficient contribution points, I’ll bring you to the formation now, what do you think?”</p>
<p>Seeing that Ni Lao Shi had become an immortal but did not forget his roots, the higher-ups were very moved that he still cared about their development, they nodded their heads in agreement.</p>
<p>Ni Lao Shi placed the clansmen into his immortal aperture as he set off to find Meng Qiu Zhen.</p>
<p>After Ni Lao Shi paid his respects and stated his intention, Meng Qiu Zhen brought him to a dream path formation.</p>
<p>Ni Lao Shi paid the necessary contribution points as Meng Qiu Zhen activated the formation. The former opened his immortal aperture door and let out his clansmen who walked into the dream path formation.</p>
<p>“Will there be any issues?” Ni Lao Shi stared with a fixed gaze until the final Ni clansman walked into the formation.</p>
<p>He had an expression of worry as he said that, especially when his parents were among them.</p>
<p>Meng Qiu Zhen smiled lightly as he shook his head: ”How can that be? Don’t worry.”</p>
<p>Saying so, he activated the formation.</p>
<p>At the next moment, all the Ni clansmen who entered the formation fell onto the ground as some started snoring, they had all fallen asleep.</p>
<p>However, there was a chain of explosions that soon followed.</p>
<p>These Ni clansmen had all self-detonated and died in their dreams.</p>
<p>Their blood was extracted by the formation and pumped into the sole surviving Ni clansman.</p>
<p>After completing everything, Human Sea who was deep within the formation also activated.</p>
<p>Thus, the self-detonated Ni clansmen were revived but they remained asleep.</p>
<p>“How many clans have already come to this place?” Ni Lao Shi asked.</p>
<p>“There were four, you are the fifth clan.” Meng Qiu Zhen said: ”Don’t worry, this formation is very safe.”</p>
<p>At the same time, the Ni clansmen started the second round of self-detonation, but this time, the final survivor was switched to another person.</p>
<p>Like this, they were revived and slaughtered continuously until all the Ni clan members’ aptitude rose.</p>
<p>Meng Qiu Zhen stopped the formation and woke them up.</p>
<p>Immediately, waves of astonishment hit the Ni clansmen as they cheered and shouted with loud voices.</p>
<p>“Amazing, my aptitude improved!”</p>
<p>“What method is this? It is so strong, so strong!”</p>
<p>“Ni Lao Shi is a really good child, he did not forget us even after immortal ascension, he repaid us fully.”</p>
<p>Ni Lao Shi inspected everyone, almost all of them had A grade aptitude.</p>
<p>“This is truly a miracle. I guess only someone like master can perform such legendary acts.” Ni Lao Shi was very shocked, his admiration towards Fang Yuan grew deeper.</p>
<p>But he did not know the truth.</p>
<p>Dream path formation? No, this was clearly a blood path formation!</p>
<p>But dream path was a great cover that could convince many Gu Immortals. After all, they had all fallen asleep, it was quite similar to dream path methods, so this seemed quite normal on the surface.</p>
    </body>
</html>