<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2296: Fei Wu Revives</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2296: Fei Wu Revives</h1>
        <p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had a strange expression.</p>
<p>Just earlier, a transaction between him and Heaven Refining Demon Venerable was held.</p>
<p>Both sides obtained what they wanted.</p>
<p>But...</p>
<p>“Fang Yuan has needs for childbirth, what is he planning?”</p>
<p>This transaction made Giant Sun Immortal Venerable quite suspicious.</p>
<p>But he knew that because of dao marks, Gu Immortal found it hard to give birth. And in terms of having children, among the venerables, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was the most experienced.</p>
<p>Among the venerables, which other person had more children than Giant Sun Immortal Venerable?</p>
<p>Back then, to raise more children, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable searched the world for countless beauties, creating his five harem palaces!</p>
<p>“If Fang Yuan did not suddenly have this need, we would not have done this transaction. Sigh... to think that I would benefit now because of you, Zhu Zhu.”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable muttered a name as the memories of a scene emerged in the depths of his heart.</p>
<p>Northern Plains.</p>
<p>In a temporary tribe, tents were set up.</p>
<p>The flap of an old and tattered tent was pulled side as middle-aged Giant Sun barged in, shouting: ”Zhu Zhu, what Gu did you secretly use on me again?”</p>
<p>Middle-aged Giant Sun had a bare chest that exposed his manly stature, but there was a pig head resting on his shoulders.</p>
<p>Zhu Zhu saw him and laughed: ”It worked!”</p>
<p>Middle-aged Giant Sun was furious: ”Zhu Zhu, I was discussing matters with the tribe elders earlier when this happened. You will turn me into the laughing stock of the tribe.”</p>
<p>Zhu Zhu sighed: ”Husband, I apologize. But I just want a child.”</p>
<p>Middle-aged Giant Sun was stunned before becoming dejected, his anger faded away: ”It’s my fault for being useless.”</p>
<p>“No, it is my issue. Technically, I have half a Gu Immortal’s body. It is my fault!” Zhu Zhu stood before Giant Sun as she held his pig head, saying with love and affection: ”This time, I used transformation path Gu.”</p>
<p>“Do you know? This is called sowing pig. It is an amazing wild beast that has gone extinct. The male pig would eat in autumn and get fat to spit out a type of crystal flower. When spring arrives, the crystal flower will bloom and the female pig will eat it to nurture new life in its body.”</p>
<p>Middle-aged Giant Sun’s eyes shone: ”It is so effective?”</p>
<p>Zhu Zhu smiled and pulled his hand, dragging him into bed: ”Let’s go.”</p>
<p>Middle-aged Giant Sun laughed loudly as he pounced at Zhu Zhu.</p>
<p>At the top of their tent, there was a flag.</p>
<p>At this moment, the flag started waving around intensely like the wind was blowing.</p>
<p>But after just a few breaths of time, the flag went motionless.</p>
<p>Within the tent, Giant Sun spoke in a guilty tone: ”Sorry, Zhu Zhu, I can’t continue anymore.”</p>
<p>Zhu Zhu smiled: ”Don’t worry, I have my methods.”</p>
<p>Next, Giant Sun let out a soft growl as the tent started to shake again like a hurricane was blowing.</p>
<p>This time, he lasted for over ten breaths of time.</p>
<p>The commotion in the tent stopped again.</p>
<p>Giant Sun sighed: ”Sorry, I can’t continue anymore.”</p>
<p>Zhu Zhu smiled and said: ”Don’t worry, watch this.”</p>
<p>For the third time, the tent shook intensely like there was a storm.</p>
<p>But this storm only lasted for around twenty breaths of time before stopping.</p>
<p>Giant Sun breathed roughly as he said: ”Sorry, I really can’t continue anymore.”</p>
<p>Zhu Zhu was still smiling: ”Don’t worry, I still have some methods left.”</p>
<p>“Wait, wait.” Giant Sun said weakly: ”I am amazed that you have so many methods, but let me rest, let me rest...”</p>
<p>Zhu Zhu replied humbly: ”Although I have many methods, the results are not good. Sigh... the most useful method can only come from Ren Zu, all of the humans of the five regions and two heavens are descendants of Ren Zu!”</p>
<p>Giant Sun immediately patted his chest and assured: ”Don’t worry, one day, I will comprehend Ren Zu’s method and we will have countless descendants!”</p>
<p>His recollection ended here.</p>
<p>A deep feeling of disappointment lingered in Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s heart.</p>
<p>In his previous life, he had already grasped such a method, otherwise, how could he have so many descendants?</p>
<p>It was just that he could not use this method with Zhu Zhu anymore.</p>
<p>He could never see her again.</p>
<p>His children were also not of her bloodline.</p>
<p>After collecting his thoughts, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s expression turned calm and cool again.</p>
<p>He inspected the gains from this transaction, he had obtained a lot of blood path research results from Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Although he had been been secretly making deductions on blood path, Fang Yuan’s research results still saved him a lot of time and energy.</p>
<p>Other than that, there were five blood path Immortal Gu!</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable refined them into his own and tossed them into Blood Sea.</p>
<p>“Blood Sea...” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s gaze pierced through the ground of Longevity Heaven, gazing into Blood Sea.</p>
<p>Even if rank nine light Gu was repaired, it was not suitable for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>However, although he had no rank nine Immortal Gu, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could use Blood Sea as a replacement temporarily.</p>
<p>There were four different levels when it came to dao mark density: dao marks that were scattered all over the world, resource points that were created when dao marks were arranged in a certain manner, the apex of resource points—secluded domains of heaven and earth, as well as the essence of heaven and earth—Gu.</p>
<p>A secluded domain of heaven and earth was considered half a rank nine Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>When Gu Immortals use immortal materials to form killer moves or immortal formations, the materials were consumable and could not have a stable form, thus, the dao marks were lost after usage.</p>
<p>But a secluded domain of heaven and earth could be used as a long term stable core to form killer moves.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal and Dang Hun Luo Po Seal were such examples.</p>
<p>“Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has Mental Domain, while Fang Yuan may have Refinement Sea, this Blood Sea is the foundation that I need to resist them!”</p>
<p>Back then, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had worked with Long Hair Ancestor to refine Gu, he knew about this grand plan of Long Hair Ancestor’s.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable felt that for this period of time, refining natural dao marks of heaven and earth was the most important thing. Trying to get a rank nine Immortal Gu that was suitable for himself was not realistic. In this case, a secluded domain of heaven and earth was the best substitute.</p>
<p>“Among the venerables, the one who has the highest hope of getting a rank nine Immortal Gu is Fang Yuan. In terms of potential, he is also the highest.”</p>
<p>“Thankfully, he has insufficient immortal essence and is unable to refine rank nine Immortal Gu.”</p>
<p>“Once he starts refining Gu, he will expose his greatest weakness. At that time, I will work with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to stop him!”</p>
<p>“If Fang Yuan is able to refine any refinement path rank nine Immortal Gu, then he will have an easier time refining other rank nine Immortal Gu in the future. This will snowball into an unstoppable advantage at an increasing speed.”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable reminded himself of the fact.</p>
<p>Blood Sea surged with huge waves that ebbed and flowed, it was gradually expanding in size.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable nodded to himself: ”With five more blood path Immortal Gu, the rate at which Blood Sea is forming is increasing. In half a year, it will be completed!”</p>
<p>Blood Sea was currently incomplete.</p>
<p>Although a secluded domain of heaven and earth could be used as the core of a killer move, it was quite a wasteful thing to do as the secluded domain itself would be expended to a huge extent.</p>
<p>For example, Fang Yuan’s previously incomplete Refinement Sea and Human Sea (although Human Sea was complete, only the whole Human Mountain and Sea was considered a secluded domain).</p>
<p>“Oh?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s expression changed, an intense luck path intuition emerged in his heart.</p>
<p>The last time he had such a feeling, he revived Light Emperor.</p>
<p>The revival of Light Emperor caused him to gain rank nine light Gu.</p>
<p>Now?</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was feeling expectant.</p>
<p>Although reviving another person now would expend the incomplete Blood Sea, he did not hesitate as he used the immortal killer move once again — Destined Birth Through Luck.</p>
<p>Swish swish swish!</p>
<p>Blood Sea surged and created a huge wave that was tens of feet tall.</p>
<p>Blood Sea was rapidly expended as a huge whirlpool was formed again.</p>
<p>After the flickering of shadow and light, a rank seven Gu Immortal emerged from within.</p>
<p>“Who is this?” Yao Huang did not recognize the person.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s expectations rose again. The reason was that this Gu Immortal’s revival expended even more immortal essence and portion of the Blood Sea than Light Emperor.</p>
<p>But he was just a rank seven water path Gu Immortal.</p>
<p>“Oh, are you Fei Wu?” Yao Huang stared for some time before shouting out loud.</p>
<p>“Fei tribe’s final first supreme elder — Fei Wu[1. Same pronunciation as trash/worthless.]?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable frowned.</p>
<p>He remembered now.</p>
<p>Fei tribe was once a super force in Northern Plains, it had genuine Huang Jin bloodline.</p>
<p>Fei tribe’s first generation ancestor was not Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s son but someone who was many generations below. But Fei tribe was still very famous in history.</p>
<p>Or rather, infamous.</p>
<p>Fei tribe was a Huang Jin super tribe that ruined itself.</p>
<p>Fei Wu was their final first supreme elder, he was undeniably responsible for their destruction.</p>
<p>Many people felt that he was incapable and too greedy, he let down the entire Fei tribe and caused their destruction.</p>
<p>When he was the first supreme elder, he expended Fei tribe’s vast amount of resources and almost caused them to go broke. As a result, the other Fei tribe Gu Immortals lacked cultivation resources and grew slowly, this resulted in their internal conflict.</p>
<p>The external world also gave Fei tribe a lot of pressure.</p>
<p>But Fei Wu did not handle this well, he had always shown a weak attitude to the outside world.</p>
<p>In order to satisfy his own needs, Fei Wu even gave up many resource points that Fei tribe owned. The result was that his battle did not seem to rise.</p>
<p>Fei Wu’s performance disappointed everyone, in the end, he even led Fei tribe to excavate and develop in one of Northern Plains’ ten great fierce areas. In the end, he triggered a terrifying beast tide and caused Fei tribe’s territory to be engulfed, even their headquarters was taken down. Most of their Gu Immortals died in the beast tide, while the remaining ones were quickly annexed and taken in by the other Huang Jin tribes.</p>
<p>After the beast tide was over, Fei tribe was wiped out while Fei Wu died pitifully inside the fierce area. Their remaining territory was also taken by the various tribes.</p>
<p>Fei tribe became a laughingstock and the prime negative example for people to learn from.</p>
<p>“How can such a useless person who harmed his entire tribe appear now?” Yao Huang felt confused and suspicious.</p>
<p>After realizing his revival, Fei Wu reacted and paid his respects to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable: ”Unfilial descendant, Fei Wu, greets Lord Ancestor!”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had already used his luck inspection method to observe Fei Wu’s foundation.</p>
<p>He was shocked to find out that Fei Wu’s luck was actually quite sizable, far surpassing most rank sevens while being lower than an average rank eight. More importantly, Fei Wu’s luck had a close connection to a certain existence far away, this existence’s luck had an influence on Giant Sun Immortal Venerable himself.</p>
<p>But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was a rank nine venerable, to think that there was actually an entity whose luck could affect him so intensely.</p>
<p>Soon, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s voice penetrated the ground and reached Blood Sea: ”The truth is often buried deep in history. Fei Wu, my descendant, tell me the truth.”</p>
    </body>
</html>