<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2290: Heaven’s Will, Please Scram</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2290: Heaven’s Will, Please Scram</h1>
        <p>Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Another Gu Immortal walked out of the derivation formation.</p>
<p>This female immortal wore golden armor, there was a golden cape flowing down her back, extending from her shoulder to the ground.</p>
<p>She was taller than normal people and her shoulders were broad, when she walked, her long legs were the most eye-catching as they made her look beautiful and elegant.</p>
<p>Her nose bridge was tall, her lips were thin and her eyes were also thin. She had outstanding presence, she was like born royalty that ruled above the common man. When she looked at people, because of her height, she often had to look down. She had an authoritative aura that was fermented naturally within her, people would lower their heads and not dare to look at her directly, it was as if they could only look at her feet in order to not offend her.</p>
<p>She was Qin Ding Ling.</p>
<p>After walking out of the derivation formation, Qin Ding Ling quickly recovered her senses.</p>
<p>She turned around and looked at the derivation formation behind her, her eyes shone with unprecedented brightness.</p>
<p>She was very excited!</p>
<p>Her entry to the formation gave her great gains.</p>
<p>The most exciting thing that she obtained from this derivation formation was the hope for Heavenly Court to defeat Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Heaven Refining Demon Venerable, and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!</p>
<p>Why was that?</p>
<p>Simply because the derivation formation’s ability to develop a Gu cultivator’s path was just too powerful.</p>
<p>Like how Qin Ding Ling obtained huge gains when she entered the formation this time.</p>
<p>This was not just her personal growth, it helped to push the entire luck path forward in development.</p>
<p>Thanks to her going into the formation, the luck path of the world took a huge stride forward, obtaining huge development.</p>
<p>What did this mean?</p>
<p>This meant that as long as more luck path Gu Immortals like Qin Ding Ling entered the derivation formation, luck path would develop further.</p>
<p>When the number of times accumulate, the quantitative growth would trigger a qualitative transformation.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would be kicked out of his supreme grandmaster attainment level!</p>
<p>Supreme grandmaster attainment level meant that the Gu cultivator’s understanding of a certain path was equivalent to the world.</p>
<p>After Qin Ding Ling entered the formation, she became the core that used the vast number of inheritances in Heavenly Court to deduce many new research results of luck path.</p>
<p>These new results were just some accumulation that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could decipher with just a glance.</p>
<p>Because these luck path research results were still under the scope of the current profundity of luck path, it had not exceeded the existing limits. It was a quantitative growth but not a qualitative change.</p>
<p>But once the quantity accumulated, there would be a qualitative transformation.</p>
<p>Once there was a qualitative change, the entire world’s luck path attainment level would rise by a level, while Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s attainment level would lag behind.</p>
<p>At that point, he would no longer be a luck path supreme grandmaster!</p>
<p>In that case, he would not be a Dao Lord anymore and would not be able to refine natural luck path dao marks.</p>
<p>That would be a disastrous blow to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable!</p>
<p>“It is a pity that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had been protecting luck path from getting spread widely in the world.”</p>
<p>“Otherwise, if there are more luck path Gu Immortals like me to enter the derivation formation, we will be able to kick Giant Sun Immortal Venerable out of supreme grandmaster attainment level.”</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling expressed her pity towards this.</p>
<p>After leaving the derivation formation, she would not be able to enter for a long time. Going in forcefully would not have any gains but instead cause her irreparable harm.</p>
<p>It was too late to start nurturing luck path Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>Only a peak rank eight Gu cultivator like Qin Ding Ling could promote the advancement of the entire luck path.</p>
<p>Of course, it was not impossible for other luck path Gu Immortals or Gu Masters.</p>
<p>But they had not reached the apex of luck path, it was simply too hard to exceed the current accomplishments of heaven and earth.</p>
<p>For Heavenly Court, this was too costly to try and the gains they could derive from it were just too small.</p>
<p>“Next, it is my turn.” Fairy Maiden Soul smiled at Qin Ding Ling as she walked past the latter.</p>
<p>Fairy Maiden Soul went into the derivation formation and vanished.</p>
<p>She was Heavenly Court’s soul path great expert from Spectral Soul’s era, she was on par with Thunder Ghost True Monarch.</p>
<p>This entry into the formation would derive great gains, it would promote the development of the world’s soul path.</p>
<p>“It is a pity that Heavenly Court currently lacks refinement path great experts. There are many refinement path Gu Immortals in the ten great ancient sects but few are rank eight. Furthermore, none are great experts who have reached a certain height of refinement path.”</p>
<p>Qin Ding Ling pondered.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court’s derivation formation showed the terrifying power of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!</p>
<p>But to kick a venerable out of supreme grandmaster attainment level, the difficulty was too high.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s soul path, and Heaven Refining Demon Venerable’s refinement path. There was a need to have many Gu cultivators in these three paths.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court had the derivation formation but rank nine derivation Gu was not refined by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, thus, it was still wild and took in natural essence on its own.</p>
<p>As a result, the derivation formation needed very little immortal essence to operate.</p>
<p>But Heavenly Court lacked crucial members.</p>
<p>Without enough great experts in these paths, the derivation formation could not kick the venerables out of their thrones.</p>
<p>“Maybe, this is the reason why Heavenly Court needs to focus on developing human path?” Qin Ding Ling had a flash of inspiration.</p>
<p>She could only see a small part of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s plan, she could not decipher the big picture.</p>
<p>Eastern Sea.</p>
<p>The sea was calm without any waves.</p>
<p>Gu Yue Fang Xiang was at the crucial moment of his immortal ascension.</p>
<p>Heaven, earth and human qi had already surrounded him completely.</p>
<p>Gu Yue Fang Xiang gritted his teeth as he did his best to balance the three qi, condensing them as much as he could.</p>
<p>“I must succeed!”</p>
<p>“I need to become a Gu Immortal to save my mother.”</p>
<p>“Also, I need to become a Gu Immortal and gain more strength to find my father!”</p>
<p>Gu Yue Fang Xiang cheered himself on, but soon, most of his attention was diverted to something else.</p>
<p>At this moment, he sensed heaven’s will.</p>
<p>This was the moment for natural inspiration!</p>
<p>“You must succeed.” The mermaid immortal Lian Ke Xin floated in the air openly as she appeared right beside Gu Yue Fang Xiang.</p>
<p>Her eyes did not move at all, she stared at him fixedly.</p>
<p>Unfortunately, the process of balancing the three qi could not be interrupted, otherwise, Lian Ke Xin would rather do it for him.</p>
<p>This time, she had taken the mission from the mission board to ’accidentally’ meet Gu Yue Fang Xiang and coax him to go to a place suitable for immortal ascension.</p>
<p>The truth was, Fang Yuan secretly opened sovereign immortal aperture’s door to bring Gu Yue Fang Xiang to the five regions.</p>
<p>While Gu Yue Fang Xiang was undergoing tribulation, Fang Yuan hid near him but was not idling.</p>
<p>He was secretly using a powerful rank nine heaven path killer move.</p>
<p>It was not obscured heavenly secret, this was — Stealing Heavenly Secret!</p>
<p>After activating this move, one could steal the knowledge of heaven’s will when a Gu Master undergoes ascension and experiences natural inspiration.</p>
<p>Stealing heavenly secret killer move’s first core was the rank nine heavenly secret Immortal Gu, the second core was rank eight great thief Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>Back then, when Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable first created rank eight heavenly secret Gu, the initial goal was to use it to sense heaven and earth, attempting to artificially enter natural inspiration.</p>
<p>Normally, a Gu cultivator would only have one opportunity at natural inspiration in their life.</p>
<p>When a Gu Master undergoes immortal ascension, they would use the opportunity when the aperture turns into an immortal aperture world to gain the recognition of heaven’s will and communicate with it.</p>
<p>At this time, the Gu Master would be able to ask heaven’s will questions, and their inquiries would be answered to a certain extent.</p>
<p>This was a once in a lifetime opportunity but the extent of answers was limited.</p>
<p>Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable succeeded.</p>
<p>There were no events in the world that heaven and earth did not know of.</p>
<p>Just using rank eight heavenly secret Gu would allow the Gu cultivator to ask heaven’s will and get an answer. It was able to expose the secrets of heaven and earth, even without any evidence, the Gu Immortal could reach the truth.</p>
<p>By using heavenly secret Gu with other Gu worms, before undergoing tribulation, they would be able to find out the content of the calamities and tribulations to make appropriate countermeasures.</p>
<p>And in terms of concealment, obscured heavenly secret was the best example.</p>
<p>If Fang Yuan used rank nine heavenly secret Gu alone, he would not be able to get any answers from heaven’s will.</p>
<p>Because heaven’s will did not like him.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was one of the main culprits who destroyed fate Gu, heaven’s will had been trying to kill him the entire time.</p>
<p>With such a relationship, how could heaven’s will give him any answers?</p>
<p>Fang Yuan understood the advantages of natural inspiration. Earlier in the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, why did he produce so many powerful killer moves?</p>
<p>Other than self deduction, he had also secretly used the natural inspiration of many Gu Masters in his immortal aperture when they ascended, saving him precious time and energy.</p>
<p>Without these exceptional killer moves, Fang Yuan would have gotten killed by the two venerables.</p>
<p>Thus, natural inspiration was a huge reason why Fang Yuan emerged victorious in Crazed Demon Cave.</p>
<p>Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable wanted more natural inspiration opportunities, so did Fang Yuan!</p>
<p>Every Gu cultivator knew the precious value of natural inspiration.</p>
<p>To do this, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable created rank eight heavenly secret Gu, what about Fang Yuan?</p>
<p>He made stealing heavenly secret killer move.</p>
<p>This killer move was created long ago, but it was only rank eight then and had limited strength.</p>
<p>Honestly speaking, it was worthless.</p>
<p>Too much immortal essence was expended for too little gains.</p>
<p>He might as well order Gu Masters to ask specific questions during their natural inspiration.</p>
<p>But this was in the past.</p>
<p>Right now, the situation had changed greatly.</p>
<p>The reason was rank nine heavenly secret Gu!</p>
<p>Where did rank nine heavenly secret Gu originate from?</p>
<p>Truthful floating ice.</p>
<p>This was Limitless Demon Venerable’s arrangement, he had used the chaos outside the world to fuel the Crazed Demon formation, it was a grand accomplishment from countless years of effort.</p>
<p>Starting from the eighth layer, Crazed Demon Cave was isolated from the five regions. Crazed Demon formation was no exception.</p>
<p>But Fang Yuan refined rank nine heavenly secret Gu in his own sovereign immortal aperture, it was also isolated from the five regions.</p>
<p>This meant that the current Gu cultivation world did not have the recipe of rank nine heavenly secret Gu.</p>
<p>By having rank nine heavenly secret Gu, on just this point, Fang Yuan was already above the entire world!</p>
<p>Rank eight stealing heavenly secret had limited power but rank nine stealing heavenly secret was above the world, it surpassed even heaven’s will!</p>
<p>Each time there was a Gu Master undergoing natural inspiration, Fang Yuan would activate rank nine stealing heavenly secret killer move.</p>
<p>The gains were simply unimaginably immense!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had a chance to observe everything that happened in the world.</p>
<p>In normal situations, the natural inspiration of Gu Masters was limited, this was the restriction set by heaven’s will. But Fang Yuan’s stealing heavenly secret could directly steal the answer, it did not matter what heaven’s will intended to do!</p>
    </body>
</html>