<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2091: Clear and Bright Eyes</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2091: Clear and Bright Eyes</h1>
        
        <p>"Kill, kill him!"</p> 
<p>"Don't let him bring the Immortal Gu away!"</p> 
<p>"That Immortal belongs to me, Gu Diao Gui Men, don't think of leaving."</p> 
<p>The pursuing group was closing in, Feng Jin Huang had two paths ahead of her to choose from.</p> 
<p>Only one could allow her to escape, the other path would lead to Diao Gui Men's blessed land headquarters.</p> 
<p>Feng Jin Huang did not hesitate, she chose the left path and rushed out.</p> 
<p>With a loud sound, the view before her shined brightly.</p> 
<p>Feng Jin Huang was slightly dazed, she soon found that her soul had returned to the outside world. The dream realm from earlier had already vanished.</p> 
<p>"I passed the dream realm, as expected, that wild soul path Immortal Gu is the key!" After her soul returned to her body, Feng Jin Huang showed an excited expression: "This time, my soul path attainment level rose. Dream path master attainment level is really helpful when exploring dream realms."</p> 
<p>Ever since that dangerous situation in the Gu refinement secret room, Feng Jin Huang benefited from the ordeal instead and advanced to dream path master.</p> 
<p>The last scene of the dream realm earlier was also Feng Jin Huang's first attempt, she did not know which way was the right one. But at the crucial moment, her dream path master instincts told her which was the correct route to take.</p> 
<p>"It is a pity that I cannot control the instinct gained by becoming a dream path master, it works at times but does not have effect at other times."</p> 
<p>"If I can become a dream path grandmaster, this instinct will be many times stronger, I can even use dream path Gu worms to form killer moves that mimic other paths as well."</p> 
<p>Feng Jin Huang sighed internally.</p> 
<p>This advancement to dream path master was already an incredible experience to her, she had been fortunate to succeed after facing immense danger and the threat of death.</p> 
<p>Feng Jin Huang could clearly feel that her understanding and accumulated knowledge of dream path had been used up, she barely became a dream path master. To raise her attainment level again, she would need to accumulate more foundation next, this would take a long time.</p> 
<p>After packing up, Feng Jin Huang stood up and pushed the door of the cultivation secret room open.</p> 
<p>Passing the long walkway, she arrived in the living room.</p> 
<p>Fairy Bai Qing had already cooked food, the table was full of delicacies.</p> 
<p>Seeing Feng Jin Huang, Fairy Bai Qing smiled: "Huang Er, has your cultivation for today ended? Looking at your expression, you must have succeeded."</p> 
<p>"Indeed, mother. Dream path master attainment level is truly phenomenal, it is so helpful for my dream realm explorations!" Feng Jin Huang sat down and described the final scene of the dream realm: "If not for my instincts, my soul would have gotten heavily injured now."</p> 
<p>Fairy Bai Qing's smile faded away: "I've already looked into it, that situation is quite clear now. The ones plotting against you are Li Jun Ying and Xu Hao. Li Jun Ying secretly became a shadow path great grandmaster but kept a low profile, allowing her to tamper with the Gu materials. But eventually, Zhao Lian Yun did not harm you but saved you instead. I am truly seeing this otherworldly demon in another light. No wonder she could become the current generation fairy, it was not just because she was the lucky person who received love Gu's recognition."</p> 
<p>Feng Jin Huang had a complex expression on her face.</p> 
<p>She recalled the scene in the secret room, fear still lingering in her heart.</p> 
<p>Back then, she was completely defenseless, she was fish on the chopping block, Zhao Lian Yun could decide her life and death.</p> 
<p>Even though Feng Jin Huang survived without any danger in the end, this situation still stirred her inner heart greatly!</p> 
<p>Fairy Bai Qing continued to speak: "Huang Er, I have already inspected your body, there are no problems. Did Zhao Lian Yun really just save you, she did not list any requests?"</p> 
<p>Feng Jin Huang shook her head: "Even though she did not say it, I have already guessed her plan. After all, her eventual goal is very obvious. Mother, forget about this, let's eat! After eating, I need to continue exploring dream realms."</p> 
<p>Fairy Bai Qing nodded: "As long as you know what you are doing. But cultivating day and night all the time is no good, cultivation has its own pace to follow."</p> 
<p>"Mother!" Feng Jin Huang interrupted Fairy Bai Qing: "I know about the concept of pacing myself, but I also know that I need to be stronger. I can only protect you when I am stronger, I do not want to be the one who is constantly protected. Only by getting stronger can I fulfill master's dying wish and become a dream path Gu Immortal. Only by getting stronger can I make people like Zhao Lian Yun and Fang Yuan unable to bully and plot against me. Only by getting stronger can I face my father directly and engage with him in a fight to show him my true goals!"</p> 
<p>Fairy Bai Qing was dazed for a moment.</p> 
<p>Feng Jin Huang's eyes were seemingly emitting bright light, two rays of light shot into Fairy Bai Qing's heart.</p> 
<p>Fairy Bai Qing held down her worries as she smiled: "Huang Er, since you have made your decision, go ahead and do it. I will support you all the way! If you have any needs, I will do my best to help you."</p> 
<p>Feng Jin Huang left her seat and came to Fairy Bai Qing, she held her mother's hands: "Mother, I know you love me. Do you have any method to get guts Gu? I need guts Gu the most now."</p> 
<p>Fairy Bai Qing smiled bitterly: "Oh Huang Er, this request is too much for me. You know that guts Gu is only produced on Dang Hun Mountain, and this mountain is in the hands of that demon Gu Yue Fang Yuan, he has already stopped selling guts Gu publicly for a long time now. All of the guts Gu in the market are just the remaining stock that he sold in the past, with the quantity dwindling, the price is also getting higher."</p> 
<p>Feng Jin Huang sighed: "Mother, you know that many methods can heal my soul but they will have certain side effects, nothing can match guts Gu. I must become a dream path Gu Immortal, if my soul has too many varying dao marks at that time, it will limit my future potential."</p> 
<p>Fairy Bai Qing patted Feng Jin Huang's hands: "I will do my best, sigh, if only your father was here..."</p> 
<p>Feng Jin Huang's expression changed as she said in displeasure: "Mother, don't mention him in front of me!"</p> 
<p>"Alright, alright, I won't talk about him."</p> 
<p>At the same time, Affection Peak.</p> 
<p>"To think that the sect sent you to convince me." The owner of Affection Peak, Zhao Lian Yun, looked at the person with a smile.</p> 
<p>Bu Zhen Zi smiled bitterly: "Fairy, please don't take offense. This was a task given to me, I had no choice but to come here and talk to you."</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun's smile widened: "You are too polite. Back then, when we went to Northern Plains and fought on Snowy Mountain, if not for your protection, I would have died already, please come in, I have prepared some tea for you."</p> 
<p>Bu Zhen Zi was a rank seven Gu Immortal who cultivated phantom path, back then, he was ordered by the sect to protect Zhao Lian Yun, he showed a good performance in Reverse Flow River and was heavily nurtured after returning to the sect.</p> 
<p>Spirit Affinity House's higher-ups also considered this point, they sent Bu Zhen Zi here to convince Zhao Lian Yun to stop her actions.</p> 
<p>Bu Zhen Zi arrived in the evening, when the tea ceremony ended, the moon had already appeared into the sky.</p> 
<p>"Fairy, there is no need to send me off, I will take my leave now." Bu Zhen Zi cupped his fists, his expression was joyful, this discussion was quite successful, Zhao Lian Yun was far more magnanimous and easy-going than he had expected.</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun nodded: "Goodbye."</p> 
<p>Bu Zhen Zi said sincerely: "Fairy, I have already understood your circumstances and problem, I will go and inform first supreme elder, please do not worry."</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun smiled: "I will have to trouble you then."</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun watched as Bu Zhen Zi left, even after his figure vanished into the clouds, she still remained standing at the top of Affection Peak.</p> 
<p>Night winds howled, the surrounding mountains were covered in dense fog, nearly concealing even the bright moon in the sky.</p> 
<p>This was Spirit Affinity House's main headquarters, the moon in the sky was just an immortal formation in essence.</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun was dressed in white, her clothes moved along with the wind, she had long black silky hair and clear skin, her eyes were furrowed as she looked at the night sky.</p> 
<p>She was Spirit Affinity House's current generation fairy, her status was very high, even a rank seven expert like Bu Zhen Zi had to speak to her politely.</p> 
<p>She had the Thieving Heaven true inheritance of divine concealment, she controlled love Gu, she could command people at will, it was really not easy for an otherworldly demon like her to reach this stage.</p> 
<p>However, none of these made Zhao Lian Yun happy.</p> 
<p>"Right now, I have become an immortal but you are not by my side. Sigh, being an immortal is no better than a mortal..."</p> 
<p>The huge five regions and two heavens were still not her homeland, she could not truly feel at ease.</p> 
<p>She was once favored by fortune, she encountered Ma Hong Yun, whom she entrusted her heart to.</p> 
<p>But destiny was also cruel, she got separated from Ma Hong Yun, getting sold publicly as Feng Jiu Ge bought her, she participated in the Reverse Flow River battle but watched as Fang Yuan killed Ma Hong Yun in front of her.</p> 
<p>She was used by Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying as a pawn, she had once knelt on the ground and begged, she tried all ways possible to become the current generation fairy.</p> 
<p>She was given trouble at the secret inheritance peak, at that time, Spirit Affinity House's Gu Immortals were very cold to her.</p> 
<p>After hearing of Fang Zheng's successful immortal ascension, she went to visit him and even brought gifts.</p> 
<p>She helped Fang Zheng train his blood turns cold killer move.</p> 
<p>With the help of Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying, she became the Affection Peak Lord. She knew about this couple's scheme, but she had to agree to deal with Feng Jin Huang for them.</p> 
<p>But not only did Feng Jin Huang not die, Zhao Lian Yun saved her instead.</p> 
<p>This was Zhao Lian Yun's scheme.</p> 
<p>"Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying made use of me, but I can also make use of their hatred towards Feng Jiu Ge to manipulate them! If they want to deal with Feng Jiu Ge, they will need to rely on me. I can also use them to cultivate and grow faster. Thankfully, I have divine concealment, it allows me to face wisdom path Gu Immortals with ease."</p> 
<p>"Bu Zhen Zi and I have some history of fighting together, we can become allies for benefits."</p> 
<p>"Fang Zheng has already become the Demon Judgment Board Lord, my investment was truly worth it."</p> 
<p>"And Feng Jin Huang also owes me this favor, maybe we can join hands to deal with Fang Yuan. After all, he snatched her Hu Immortal blessed land."</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun schemed with all her strength, a vague web that connected several forces was already forming around her.</p> 
<p>She only had one goal, that was to retrieve Ma Hong Yun's soul from Fang Yuan and revive her lover!</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan..." Zhao Lian Yun muttered, the worry on her face deepened immediately.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was like the fog that covered this sky, he was grand and vast, compared to him, Zhao Lian Yun was insignificant and weak.</p> 
<p>Her goal was like the moon in the sky, clouds covered it and hid everything from her, almost completely obscured.</p> 
<p>She could not see the path ahead, she could not find a destination.</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun gritted her teeth, her body was like a weak white flower that would be blown away by the wind at any time.</p> 
<p>But her eyes were still shining brightly.</p> 
<p>"I need to persevere!"</p> 
<p>"I cannot give up."</p> 
<p>"If even I fail, then who can still save Hong Yun?"</p> 
<p>"In this world, he can only rely on me. And I can only rely on myself!"</p> 
<p>"Tomorrow, I will head to Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range. The traces of their fight can still be found there, I can gain first-hand information and deduce Fang Yuan's current strength."</p>
    </body>
</html>
