<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2004: Heavenly Court&apos;s Reinforcements</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2004: Heavenly Court&apos;s Reinforcements</h1>
        
        <p>Turbulent white qi covered the sky above qi sea in a chaotic fashion.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue stared down at Qi Sea Ancestor while emitting a grand demonic aura. The phantom image of Xi Land appeared in its full glory above his head, placing him in a highly advantageous position.</p> 
<p>"Junior Qi Sea, is my cultivation enough to borrow Gu from you?" Demon Immortal Qi Jue said again.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan felt heaviness.</p> 
<p>The previous exchange of moves had already allowed him to understand many details about Demon Immortal Qi Jue.</p> 
<p>There was no need to mention the various killer moves possessed by Demon Immortal Qi Jue, his trump card was clearly the secluded domain of heaven and earth, Xi Land. With this secluded domain of heaven and earth, he could counter all qi path Gu Immortals in the world.</p> 
<p>If it were other paths, Demon Immortal Qi Jue would not have such huge dominance. But Qi Sea Ancestor's main cultivation happened to be qi path and was thus suppressed heavily.</p> 
<p>This showed Demon Immortal Qi Jue's nature.</p> 
<p>He might be domineering in his actions, but he was not stupid, he knew how to play to his advantage. Thus, after he revived, he did not continue fighting with the three sides and chose to retreat wisely. He then completed his Xi Land along the way and increased his battle strength. Now, he appeared in front of Qi Sea Ancestor and demanded to borrow Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>The moment he gains rank eight qi path Immortal Gu, his strength would definitely soar and firmly hold its position at the peak of the present age.</p> 
<p>With just Qi Sea Ancestor's methods, Fang Yuan was indeed not Demon Immortal Qi Jue's match, but he was not panicked.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan always took action after planning first.</p> 
<p>He had already known of Demon Immortal Qi Jue's threat and modified qi sea's formation. As long as he retreated into the formation, he would be able to resist for some time.</p> 
<p>If Demon Immortal Qi Jue charged into the formation, Fang Yuan could detonate this large formation and create an opportunity to retreat.</p> 
<p>Speaking of it, Fang Yuan had obtained this detonation method from Fang Di Chang. Back then, Fang Di Chang set a trap for Fang Yuan in Divine Bean Palace, he wanted to sacrifice wisdom path Gu Immortal Suan Bu Jin by detonating the Immortal Gu House inside Divine Bean Palace and thus break through the impasse and refine Divine Bean Palace in one move.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan saw through the scheme and captured Fang Di Chang. After soul searching, he obtained the method of Immortal Gu House self-detonation. He then modified the method and arranged it in qi sea's formation.</p> 
<p>The self-detonation would be extremely powerful, even if it did not threaten Demon Immortal Qi Jue's life, it could obstruct him for a period of time.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was very confident about this.</p> 
<p>But...</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan used the formation's self-detonation to retreat, the value of this Qi Sea Ancestor identity would fall sharply.</p> 
<p>To preserve this identity, Fang Yuan intentionally restrained himself from using many qi path methods during the fate war. Even unlimited qi sea was used just once.</p> 
<p>Were Fang Yuan to retreat, it would mean Qi Sea Ancestor was defeated by Demon Immortal Qi Jue. From then on, Qi Sea Ancestor's reputation would fall greatly and his appeal to Eastern Sea would lower sharply.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue frowned slightly, he had spoken twice but Qi Sea Ancestor did not respond. His patience reached the limits.</p> 
<p>He snorted and was about to continue attacking when a blood red ray of light suddenly pierced through the skies and shot right towards his face.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue dodged quickly and turned around to see Demon Judgment Board appear in the horizon.</p> 
<p>"Heavenly Court, you again!" Demon Immortal Qi Jue sneered: "I am not looking for trouble with you but you are instead trying to provoke me. After such a heavy defeat in the fate war, what confidence do you have to act like this?"</p> 
<p>"Heavenly Court defends humanity's righteous path, our actions are not because of confidence but because of our beliefs!" A reply came from inside Demon Judgment Board.</p> 
<p>This was not Gu Yue Fang Zheng's voice, it was a female voice.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's heart shook slightly when he heard the voice: "Qin Ding Ling came personally? So the reinforcement shown by my luck actually refers to her!"</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue pointed his finger towards Demon Judgment Board.</p> 
<p>Qi currents surged and transformed, rapidly gathering into a lump. In an instant, hundreds of milky white qi spheres shot towards Demon Judgment Board like meteors, creating a series of explosions.</p> 
<p>Demon Judgment Board's momentum stopped and shook violently from the explosions.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue was about to say something when his expression changed suddenly. He quickly withdrew and moved away from his spot like lightning.</p> 
<p>The previous blood red ray of light shot by Demon Judgment Board actually turned around to attack him.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue evaded the blood red light but he did not expect golden light to shoot out from this blood red light.</p> 
<p>The golden light condensed rapidly into a huge golden scissors above Demon Immortal Qi Jue's head.</p> 
<p>Crack, crack.</p> 
<p>The golden scissors cut Demon Immortal Qi Jue's head repeatedly, but the attacks seemed to be in vain.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue, however, paled suddenly.</p> 
<p>"This is a luck path method!"</p> 
<p>He quickly activated investigative killer moves and immediately felt a loss: "Damn it, these golden scissors are cutting my luck!"</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue put great emphasis on maintaining his luck, after his revival and later dismantling turbulent flow sea area to replenish Xi Land, he had already consumed a lot of his luck. The attacks of the giant scissors were making things worse.</p> 
<p>"Qi Sea, Heavenly Court, I will remember this. If there is a chance in the future, I will settle it with both of you properly." Demon Immortal Qi Jue's voice resonated throughout the area.</p> 
<p>After this sentence, he immediately entered milky white qi currents that filled the sky and left the battlefield rapidly.</p> 
<p>"Retreating again?" Gu Yue Fang Zheng, who was inside Demon Judgment Board, was somewhat stunned.</p> 
<p>On the contrary, other Heavenly Court members looked solemn.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling sighed and explained to Fang Zheng: "This is the terrifying thing about Demon Immortal Qi Jue. He always maintains his calm and has a clear judgment of the situation. We can only give him some trouble, but in the current situation, Qi Sea Ancestor would not just stay on the sidelines. With Demon Immortal Qi Jue's battle strength, it won't be difficult for him to oppose our joint attacks. But the battle will be intense and his plan to borrow qi path Immortal Gu has no chance to succeed. So he directly chose to retreat to preserve his strength."</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng immediately realized: "I understand. Demon Immortal Qi Jue is a person from a million years ago after all, he has just revived and doesn't have much contact with new paths. Against Demon Judgment Board's blood path attack and your luck path golden scissors, he prioritized on dodging them. When he gets familiar with these paths and modifies his killer moves, it will be much more difficult for us to confront him."</p> 
<p>"That is correct." Qin Ding Ling nodded: "Let's get out and have a talk with Qi Sea Ancestor."</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court Gu Immortals filed out with Qin Ding Ling taking the lead and Gu Yue Fang Zheng following closely behind.</p> 
<p>They put away Demon Judgment Board of their own initiative, demonstrating Heavenly Court's sincerity.</p> 
<p>"Thank you for helping this old man get through this danger." Fang Yuan heaved a long sigh.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling was wearing a golden armor and a cape, and in combination with her tall body, wide shoulders and long legs, she emitted heroic aura. But this heroic aura was different from Feng Jin Huang's, it had a natural nobleness to it that felt like it was innately above others.</p> 
<p>But right now, Qin Ding Ling had a smile on her face as she showed the initiative to get close to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>She spoke: "Ancestor, if not for your injuries, how could Demon Immortal Qi Jue be so rampant? Moreover, I saw that you were calm throughout the battle, you definitely have some trump cards up your sleeves. We might even have to ask for your understanding and to not blame us for interfering."</p> 
<p>These words were so polite that Fang Yuan felt like it was similar to a warm spring breeze.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court's attitude was different compared to his previous life. At that time, Heavenly Court was oppressive and gave no way out for others. But in this life, Heavenly Court's leader took the initiative to treat others warmly.</p> 
<p>After the fate war, Heavenly Court's Gu Immortals' attitude was completely different from before the war. Before the fate war, Heavenly Court had fate Gu and possessed huge advantages. But now that fate Gu was destroyed, Heavenly Court's strength had diminished sharply, on one hand, they were actively recuperating, while on the other hand, they took the initiative to make alliances.</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor became a goal in Heavenly Court's eyes and was the best ally for them.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue wanted to find an expert to spar with, naturally, he would first look for Qi Sea Ancestor. After all, be they Fang Yuan or Feng Jiu Ge, their traces were vague and hard to find. However, Qi Sea Ancestor stayed in qi sea and could be found easily.</p> 
<p>Since Heavenly Court wanted to ally with Qi Sea Ancestor, they naturally wanted to use Demon Immortal Qi Jue.</p> 
<p>After all, adding icing on the cake cannot compare to offering help in times of need.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court helped Qi Sea Ancestor ward off Demon Immortal Qi Jue, it was not a casual action but was planned for a long time.</p> 
<p>It was not only Fang Yuan who had been waiting patiently for Demon Immortal Qi Jue, Heavenly Court was also the same.</p> 
<p>"Friends, please come in. Let this old man prepare a simple feast to express some gratitude." Fang Yuan led the Heavenly Court immortals into qi sea's formation.</p> 
<p>He prepared a feast and hosted the Heavenly Court immortals.</p> 
<p>During the banquet, the Xia clan immortals who were staying as guests were also invited to join.</p> 
<p>The Xia clan immortals were grateful towards the Heavenly Court immortals, they had a very enthusiastic attitude.</p> 
<p>They had seen Demon Immortal Qi Jue's fight with Qi Sea Ancestor, they felt very worried.</p> 
<p>Their territory was already seized by Wu Shuai, so they could only put the hope of regaining their territory in Qi Sea Ancestor. If Qi Sea Ancestor was defeated or died, it would be a cruel blow to all the Xia clan members.</p> 
<p>Thus, Heavenly Court helping Qi Sea Ancestor was like helping them.</p> 
<p>When Qin Ding Ling saw the Xia clan immortals, she immediately expressed her sympathy and condemned the two heavens alliance. She even promised she would certainly fight against this large variant human alliance.</p> 
<p>This attitude made Xia clan have an even better impression of them.</p> 
<p>The face of Xia clan's first supreme elder even reddened with joy.</p> 
<p>This was different from the empty words of the other Eastern Sea super forces, Heavenly Court had truly taken actions. Previously, Demon Judgment Board carried three immortals and attacked the two heavens' grotto-heavens, every Gu Immortal in the world knew of this.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling inquired about Xia clan's recent situation.</p> 
<p>All the Xia clan Gu Immortals replied: They were hosted well by Qi Sea Ancestor and would always be grateful, it was just that they had a worry about when they could return to their home.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling realized Qi Sea Ancestor's intention.</p> 
<p>"He is raising his reputation! His ambition is truly big."</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling was happy to see this. As long as Qi Sea Ancestor had greed and ambition, they would have the foundation to cooperate.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan naturally did not invite the Xia clan Gu Immortals to join the banquet for no reason.</p> 
<p>Through Qin Ding Ling's attitude towards the Xia clan Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan was even more certain of Heavenly Court's purpose in coming here. At the same time, he was also making this native force, Xia clan, serve as a witness. After all, as an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, having close ties with Heavenly Court would lower Qi Sea Ancestor's authority in Eastern Sea.</p> 
<p>After a few rounds of wine, Fang Yuan took the initiative to speak: "Friends from Heavenly Court, you helped me today, this old man shall remember this favor. If Heavenly Court has any trouble in the future, I am willing to contribute my strength to Heavenly Court."</p> 
<p>This was a clear gesture.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court's immortals were spirited when they heard it.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling put down her cup slowly and looked at Qi Sea Ancestor with a smile as she finally got to the main topic: "To tell the truth, Heavenly Court is indeed facing some issues currently. We came to ask for Ancestor's help."</p> 
<p>"Oh? Please explain." Fang Yuan asked straightforwardly.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling did not mention the matter of the qi harvest fruit emerging in Heavenly Court, instead she handed over an information path mortal Gu to Qi Sea Ancestor.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan probed with his consciousness and was immediately moved.</p> 
<p>The content of this information path mortal Gu was the remaining half of Primordial Origin's true inheritance!</p>
    </body>
</html>
