<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2077: Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool!</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2077: Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool!</h1>
        
        <p>Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Central Continent.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's months of arrangements (in the immortal aperture's time) had reached the crucial moment!</p> 
<p>Within a square shaped pool, there was a small pavilion situated at the center.</p> 
<p>Following Fang Yuan's will, a Gu worm slowly flew towards the pavilion.</p> 
<p>This Gu resembled a round pearl, it was as large as a goose egg, the pearl had countless markings on it that were moving around, they were brilliant like a blooming field of lotuses, or the rumbling of clouds.</p> 
<p>It was blood asset Immortal Gu!</p> 
<p>This was a unique Gu created by Lang Ya land spirit by combining some blood path Gu recipes he bought in treasure yellow heaven.</p> 
<p>Blood asset Immortal Gu's effect was to protect a portion of the immortal materials or Gu worms during refinement. If the refinement failed, some of these immortal materials or Gu worms could be restored afterwards using blood asset Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Blood asset Immortal Gu was originally only at rank six, but not long ago, Fang Yuan had used the Long Hair refinement path formation to refine it to rank seven.</p> 
<p>Blood asset Immortal Gu House slowly flew to the top of the pavilion where a golden seat was constructed.</p> 
<p>Inside Fang Yuan's mind, thoughts surged like tidal waves. This step looked simple from outside, but in actuality, Fang Yuan spent one hundred thousand thoughts every second to complete this final step!</p> 
<p>Splat.</p> 
<p>With a soft sound, blood asset Immortal Gu finally landed on the golden seat.</p> 
<p>Shortly after, as Fang Yuan transferred his immortal essence, the golden seat produced an attraction force that fixed blood asset Immortal Gu in place.</p> 
<p>Blood asset Immortal Gu burst out with dense blood light.</p> 
<p>The blood light was like water as it flowed down from the roof of the pavilion, dying everything in its path; the white jade-like pavilion was dyed crimson red.</p> 
<p>After it dyed the pavilion, the blood light continued to spread and covered the calm pool.</p> 
<p>The pool water became red like blood.</p> 
<p>Slight waves appeared on the surface of the pool. Burble burble, waves struck the squarish rock walls surrounding it, but the waves immediately disappeared, as the pool became calm once again.</p> 
<p>Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool's construction was finally completed!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan wiped off the sweat on his forehead. After maintaining the tense state for over a month, he could finally relax.</p> 
<p>He immediately felt an extremely intense exhaustion spread from his bones to his entire body.</p> 
<p>"I consumed too much mental energy, a lot of immortal essence was also expended." Fang Yuan was aware of it, his mind was exhausted and he wanted nothing more than to fall asleep without caring for anything else.</p> 
<p>He did just that.</p> 
<p>This sleep lasted for two days and two nights.</p> 
<p>Thereafter, he finally recovered his spirit.</p> 
<p>Shortly after, Fang Yuan used his divine sense to inspect this Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.</p> 
<p>After inspecting once and finding there were no mistakes, he nodded in satisfaction.</p> 
<p>To construct this refinement pool, he had racked his brains and spent an enormous effort!</p> 
<p>And after paying such a price, the constructed Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool was without any doubt the peak creation of refinement path in the present world.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool's was conceptualized by merging Immortal Gu Houses and immortal formations together, such as Regret Pool, Refinement Cauldron, and Long Hair refinement path formation.</p> 
<p>Regret Pool was one of the three legendary pools of the world along with Heavenly Pool and Wine Pool, they were all famous in history. When Gu Immortals refined Immortal Gu successfully in it, they could leave an insignia behind. When the Immortal Gu was destroyed, Regret Pool could be activated, using the power of the tributary of the River of Time and the preserved insignia to refine the Immortal Gu again, the success rate was about fifty to sixty percent.</p> 
<p>Sun Ming Lu, one of the seven extremities of Longevity Heaven, imitated Regret Pool and constructed a super Gu formation, fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation, to refine rank eight Fortune Rivaling Heaven for Old Ancestor Xue Hu.</p> 
<p>Refinement Cauldron was the most proud masterpiece of Long Hair Ancestor, it possessed the ability to forcefully refine Immortal Gu. In the five hundred years of Fang Yuan's previous life, Lang Ya blessed land relied on it to defend against seven waves of enemy attacks. The Immortal Gu of the Gu Immortals who invaded the blessed land were forcefully refined, and countless Gu Immortals were captured like this.</p> 
<p>Long Hair refinement path formation was even more so the strongest foundation of Lang Ya Sect, the essence of its trump cards. The formation was extremely outstanding and only hairy man Gu Immortals could control it. In history, Long Hair Ancestor had refined Immortal Gu for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable by using this formation. Before the fate war, Fang Yuan had refined many Immortal Gu by similarly relying on the grand might of this formation.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan's refinement path and time path attainment levels were not at quasi-supreme grandmaster, he would never be able to think of such a design.</p> 
<p>Just the design of this Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool was unprecedented, and it was likely that no one in the future would be able to accomplish it as well. The price that Fang Yuan paid to construct this Immortal Gu House was shockingly high!</p> 
<p>First of all, Fang Yuan dismantled the Long Hair refinement path formation that had a long history and was unparalleled; one of its cores, rank eight Immortal Gu Advance Refinement, was still used as a core, becoming a portion of the foundation of Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.</p> 
<p>Secondly, Fang Yuan used rank eight Immortal Gu Regret, which was the essence of Regret Pool, to construct the pavilion in the pool.</p> 
<p>Thirdly, Fang Yuan specially constructed a year essence sub-pool outside to lead a tributary of the River of Time into the square pool. To accomplish this step, Fang Yuan arranged three rank eight time path Immortal Gu; Early Autumn, Mid Autumn, and Late Autumn (from Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform).</p> 
<p>Finally, Fang Yuan even put the incomplete form of Refinement Sea into the pool. Lang Ya land spirit had heavily invested in Refinement Sea because he wanted to create a refinement path secluded domain of heaven and earth. To successfully put in the incomplete form of Refinement Sea, Fang Yuan had to use rank eight Immortal Gu Water Refinement as well.</p> 
<p>The entire Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool had four main cores; rank eight Immortal Gu Advance Refinement, Water Refinement, Regret, and rank seven Immortal Gu Blood Asset. Thus, it was named 'Four Elements'. There were over twenty supplementary Immortal Gu; rank eight Early Autumn, Mid Autumn, and Late Autumn were among the top ones. As for mortal Gu, there were over one hundred million, their types were as numerous as stars, this was simply unheard of.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had used almost all his refinement path Immortal Gu in this, time path Immortal Gu, wisdom path Immortal Gu and other paths' Immortal Gu were also not invested in small numbers. Fortunately, he controlled the variant human alliance and also extorted Eastern Sea's Righteous Qi Alliance, only then did he have a sufficient number of suitable Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>With such an amazing investment without any regard for the cost, Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool had the abilities of Long Hair refinement path formation, Regret Pool, Refinement Cauldron, Refinement Sea, and so on. It was infused with various refinement path techniques like flesh body blood refinement technique, seven kill blood path Gu refinement method, Bei Luo ice refinement method, and so on. It could utilize refinement path killer moves like slumbering lightning python, wind grind, reflect snow, muffled thunder stone drum, dragon-shaped blizzard, heavenly light ring, refinement snake lifespan flower, omnipresent four seas, and even 'one step back, sea and sky expands'.</p> 
<p>As soon as Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool was constructed, it became the number one refinement path Immortal Gu House in the entire history of Gu cultivation!</p> 
<p>There was no debate, nothing could rival it.</p> 
<p>"If news about it is spread, Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool can absolutely compete with Divine Emperor City and Eighty-Eight True Yang Building for the position of the number one Immortal Gu House."</p> 
<p>Divine Emperor City was a human path sacred land, while Eighty-Eight True Yang Building controlled Northern Plains, raising the Huang Jin bloodline to its height. And Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool was as good as them.</p> 
<p>It merged the essence of human style Gu refinement and hairy man nature Gu refinement. With it, not only could the cost of refining Immortal Gu decrease sharply, the success rate had also increased beyond imagination!</p> 
<p>Whoever controlled this Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool would have an unceasing supply of Immortal Gu!</p> 
<p>"But, Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool is not comprehensive. It is heavily focused on Gu refinement, and has almost no strength in other aspects like offense, defense, movement."</p> 
<p>"Moreover, in this world, only I, Fang Yuan, can construct it. Even if other Gu Immortals get its blueprint, they can do nothing with it!"</p> 
<p>If a Gu Immortal saw Fang Yuan's design, they would praise it endlessly at first. But when they started delving deeper, they would begin to curse and feel disdain, they would think this design was too naive and absurdly impossible.</p> 
<p>Because the design of Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool did not consider the case of conflicting dao marks in almost all the areas.</p> 
<p>Only inside the sovereign immortal aperture, where there were no conflicting dao marks, could Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool be turned into reality.</p> 
<p>In fact, as long as Fang Yuan took out Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool from his aperture, this Immortal Gu House would automatically collapse because of the severe internal friction and rejection of different dao marks!</p> 
<p>In fact, it would not have been possible to construct this Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool when Fang Yuan had three thousand heaven path dao marks.</p> 
<p>It was because Fang Yuan annexed three rank eight grotto-heavens, Grand Swine, Novelty, and Time Difference, and refined their heaven path dao marks, that he was able to meet the lowest requirement for refining Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.</p> 
<p>Each of these three grotto-heavens had merged with a nine heavens fragment before, and the nine heavens fragments contained heaven path dao marks.</p> 
<p>Time Difference grotto-heaven possessed over seven hundred thousand time path dao marks and had over eight hundred heaven path dao marks.</p> 
<p>Novelty grotto-heaven contained over one million and six hundred thousand rule path dao marks and had over one thousand nine hundred heaven path dao marks.</p> 
<p>Grand Swine grotto-heaven had the most dao marks, with over three million and two hundred thousand transformation path dao marks and over three thousand three hundred heaven path dao marks.</p> 
<p>At present, Fang Yuan's heaven path dao marks had already grown to over nine thousand!</p>
    </body>
</html>
