<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2266: Star Constellation’s Arrangement</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2266: Star Constellation’s Arrangement</h1>
        <p>Intense winds and storms filled Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>The silvery white sky turned dark at this moment.</p>
<p>Within the intense winds, more than ten Immortal Gu Houses were moving around the place, all</p>
<p>of Heavenly Court’s members were doing their best to salvage the situation.</p>
<p>“The northeast corner has large areas of black smoke, it can corrode the ground and create</p>
<p>rotten soil!”</p>
<p>“The immortal graveyard needs to be protected.”</p>
<p>“Branded Name Palace is severely damaged, please send reinforcements!”</p>
<p>“Can anyone help me, I can’t repair this huge crack in time!!”</p>
<p>The Gu Immortals conversed among each other, this situation had been going on for tens of</p>
<p>days, it was getting more dangerous as time passed.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court was filled with danger, and most importantly, its foundation was too immense, it</p>
<p>was the number one heaven vein node in the world. During the fusion of the two heavens,</p>
<p>Heavenly Court suffered the greatest impact.</p>
<p>Originally, Heavenly Court had a tight defense, but after two invasions, the defensive methods</p>
<p>left by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable and others had either been destroyed or greatly</p>
<p>weakened, they were useless in this situation.</p>
<p>Crack.</p>
<p>Lightning flashed and bolted across half of Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>Eventually, Five Deity Hall blocked it but suffered huge damage in doing it, it fell to the ground,</p>
<p>creating a huge pit that emitted dense smoke.</p>
<p>This situation was caused by Heavenly Court’s immense foundation.</p>
<p>Even the rank eight Five Deity Hall could barely block such power.</p>
<p>Rain and wind continued unceasingly.</p>
<p>Under such a turbulent situation, in Central Great Hall, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable</p>
<p>opened her eyes slowly.</p>
<p>Her star pupils were clear and bright, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable looked through</p>
<p>Central Great Hall and observed the entire situation of Heavenly Court in one glance.</p>
<p>...</p>
<p>“Little Xing, from today onwards, this will be your home.” Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable</p>
<p>brought back the child Xing Su and said to her.</p>
<p>“Where is this?”</p>
<p>“Heavenly Court.” Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable said with deep emotions.</p>
<p>“Heavenly Court...” Xing Su muttered this foreign phrase.</p>
<p>“You can think of it as your home.” Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable patted Little Xing Su’s</p>
<p>head.</p>
<p>“Home?” Xing Su’s eyes brightened.</p>
<p>Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable looked far and wide, across the five regions, he seemed to</p>
<p>be able to look into the future: ”Of course, this is your home, this will also be home to all of</p>
<p>humanity!”</p>
<p>...</p>
<p>Deep memories surfaced in Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s mind before fading away</p>
<p>quickly.</p>
<p>“Since when has Heavenly Court been in such a pitiful state?”</p>
<p>“Master.”</p>
<p>“This is our home, I will defend it till the end. After that...”</p>
<p>“I will wait for your return!”</p>
<p>At the next moment, purple light burst out of Central Great Hall and spread to every corner of</p>
<p>Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>“This is?!”</p>
<p>“Star Constellation Immortal Venerable made her move?”</p>
<p>“We are too incapable, we are a burden to Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!”</p>
<p>“No, how can Star Constellation Immortal Venerable act unwisely? It is obvious that she has</p>
<p>already refined all of Heavenly Court’s wisdom path dao marks.”</p>
<p>Once Star Constellation Immortal Venerable took action, the situation immediately changed.</p>
<p>Under the rays of purple light, the raging wind and rain vanished, the intense lightning bolts</p>
<p>were dispersed, the crack of heaven and earth mended quickly.</p>
<p>The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were all shaken internally.</p>
<p>This was the might of a Dao Lord!</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable refined all of the wisdom path dao marks in Heavenly</p>
<p>Court, her strength exceeded Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Spectral Soul Demon</p>
<p>Venerable completely in this domain.</p>
<p>Right now, even if Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Fang Yuan were to collaborate to attack</p>
<p>Heavenly Court, they would not be able to do anything to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!</p>
<p>“Go! Let’s go meet Lady Star Constellation.”</p>
<p>Some Immortal Gu Houses landed while some stayed in the air, Gu Immortals streamed out and</p>
<p>moved towards Central Great Hall.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable activated her investigative method.</p>
<p>This investigation had a completely different effect from before.</p>
<p>Using the amplification of Heavenly Court’s countless wisdom path dao marks, the investigative</p>
<p>killer move’s power surged!</p>
<p>“The situation is still within my expectations. Both venerables are still refining natural dao marks,</p>
<p>Fang Yuan has little immortal essence and has the slowest progress. Giant Sun Immortal</p>
<p>Venerable has the most results, even exceeding me.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable quickly stopped her investigative method.</p>
<p>She needed to conserve immortal essence now.</p>
<p>It was time for Heavenly Court’s immortals to report the various situations.</p>
<p>Due to the fusion of both heavens, Heavenly Court was greatly affected and had huge losses.</p>
<p>“Back then, Profound Literature grotto-heaven faced the problem of crashing stars, thus, Old</p>
<p>Immortal Hua Yu did not attack me, I successfully brought back those stars to Central</p>
<p>Continent.”</p>
<p>Jun Shen Guang said an interesting event that made Star Constellation Immortal Venerable</p>
<p>develop a thought.</p>
<p>Human, Imperial Court, poetry, dynasty, Fang Yuan, mermaid immortals, the sovereign immortal</p>
<p>aperture...</p>
<p>All sorts of information related to Old Immortal Hua Yu and Profound Literature grotto-heaven</p>
<p>flashed past Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s mind.</p>
<p>With the help of Heavenly Court’s wisdom path dao marks, Star Constellation Immortal</p>
<p>Venerable only expended several hundred thoughts and a meager amount of immortal essence</p>
<p>to deduce the result.</p>
<p>“We can make this Profound Literature grotto-heaven betray his alliance!”</p>
<p>Old Immortal Hua Yu had deep attachment to the grotto-heaven, Star Constellation Immortal</p>
<p>Venerable understood why.</p>
<p>Interrupting Jun Shen Guang was a huge merit but Old Immortal Hua Yu did not do it. This</p>
<p>meant that in his heart, Profound Literature grotto-heaven was more important than his status in</p>
<p>the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.</p>
<p>And most importantly, Old Immortal Hua Yu had once opposed Fang Yuan and the variant</p>
<p>human alliance, that was the reason why he joined the Righteous Qi Alliance.</p>
<p>But afterwards, Fang Yuan declared himself as Great Love, Eastern Sea’s super forces were</p>
<p>too meek and immediately joined him, Profound Literature grotto-heaven was forced to follow.</p>
<p>Why did Fang Yuan not annex all these grotto-heavens?</p>
<p>The reason was simple.</p>
<p>The sovereign immortal aperture was not stable, it was unable to expand anymore now!</p>
<p>Non-conflicting dao marks were a double-edged sword.</p>
<p>Long before the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had</p>
<p>already deduced this huge threat of Fang Yuan’s.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan took in many resource points and focused on earth path resource points at first, he</p>
<p>was likely constructing an earth path dao vein to stabilize the sovereign immortal aperture.</p>
<p>During the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan lost many Gu Immortal subordinates.</p>
<p>Afterwards, he took the risk and took in six mermaid immortals, it showed that he was lacking</p>
<p>manpower, the sovereign immortal aperture was in a desperate state.</p>
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan could not annex these grotto-heavens.</p>
<p>“He is only skilled at defending against wisdom path deductions, Western Desert’s Fang clan’s</p>
<p>situation is also taking a lot of his energy. The lack of refinement path development is his</p>
<p>greatest worry, he cannot bother with Profound Literature grotto-heaven’s matter.”</p>
<p>Even though Fang Yuan was strong, he had become a venerable through refinement path, not</p>
<p>wisdom path.</p>
<p>His wisdom path attainment was not amazing in Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s view.</p>
<p>In the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, the reason why Fang Yuan succeeded was because Star</p>
<p>Constellation Immortal Venerable had focused on reviving, she did her best to try to get Crazed</p>
<p>Demon Cave’s eternal life research results, she also had to guard against Giant Sun Immortal</p>
<p>Venerable, it gave Fang Yuan the chance to succeed.</p>
<p>Wisdom path was not skilled at solving impromptu situations, Star Constellation Immortal</p>
<p>Venerable had too little time to prepare back then.</p>
<p>But as time passed, her wisdom path advantage continued to accumulate.</p>
<p>Ignoring other matters, just the fact that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable refined Heavenly</p>
<p>Court’s wisdom path dao marks meant that she already had an impregnable position in this</p>
<p>contest of three venerables!</p>
<p>“Even if Fang Yuan is not skilled in wisdom path, his wisdom path methods are beyond the</p>
<p>ordinary rank eight Gu Immortal. But Profound Literature grotto-heaven’s issue has just</p>
<p>surfaced, Old Immortal Hua Yu will not report the matter. This is our opportunity.”</p>
<p>“If we do not use this chance well and stall for too long, Fang Yuan will notice it.”</p>
<p>Thinking of this, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable immediately gave orders to send Jun</p>
<p>Shen Guang and Qin Ding Ling to Profound Literature grotto-heaven secretly in an attempt to</p>
<p>persuade Old Immortal Hua Yu.</p>
<p>“If we can recruit Profound Literature grotto-heaven, can we also do the same to Western</p>
<p>Desert’s Fang clan?” Wan Zi Hong’s will was present, she suggested this.</p>
<p>Duke Tong chuckled and showed an expression of disdain.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable shook her head and asked Wan Zi Hong’s will instead:</p>
<p>“Why do you think Wan clan did not choose to join Fang Yuan back then? They knew about</p>
<p>Fang clan and Fang Yuan’s relationship, why did Western Desert’s super forces still agree to</p>
<p>create the anti-Fang alliance before our Heavenly Court showed up?”</p>
<p>Wan Zi Hong’s will shook slightly, she seemed to realize something.</p>
<p>With the fusion of two heavens and contest of three venerables, the five regions’ political</p>
<p>situation was completely chaotic, the factors involved were not just strength or benefits, there</p>
<p>was also the people’s will.</p>
<p>The heart of the people was a very intricate thing, it was hard to assess at times, but also</p>
<p>extremely easy to decipher at times.</p>
<p>Back then, Heavenly Court was created and received resounding support from everyone, the</p>
<p>greatest reason was the people’s will.</p>
<p>Righteous path and demonic path, if one only classified them according to fixed criteria set by</p>
<p>the major players, it would be too shallow.</p>
<p>Heavenly Court could recruit otherworldly demons, they could recruit demonic path Gu</p>
<p>Immortals like Wan Zi Hong, this was because they could be said to be upholding justice, they</p>
<p>were giving demons a second chance to turn over a new leaf, this was their great benevolence.</p>
<p>But if Heavenly Court recruited Fang clan, they would lose everyone’s support.</p>
<p>Why did Heavenly Court support Wan clan, what was the reason? All along, what was the motto</p>
<p>of Heavenly Court? What stance did they take?</p>
<p>If they recruited Fang clan which had fallen into the demonic path entirely, then what difference</p>
<p>would Heavenly Court have when compared to those who only pursued benefits?</p>
<p>In these situations, if Heavenly Court wavered in their stance and went for petty gains, their</p>
<p>reputation would take the biggest hit. In fact, even the ten great ancient sects of Central</p>
<p>Continent would start having doubts.</p>
<p>Especially at this sensitive juncture, Fang clan was supported by Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan plotted secretly and made Fang clan attack Wan clan, it was because he knew that</p>
<p>his reputation and popularity would not be accepted easily just because he declared himself as</p>
<p>Great Love.</p>
<p>Eastern Sea’s super forces joined him merely out of fear.</p>
<p>Wu Yong made transactions with Fang Yuan for benefits. Not long after, Wu Yong also made</p>
<p>transactions with Heavenly Court.</p>
<p>If Heavenly Court did this, Fang Yuan might become overjoyed.</p>
<p>And this suggestion could only be brought up by someone like Wan Zi Hong, she was a former</p>
<p>demonic path member after all, other Heavenly Court members had not mentioned it.</p>
<p>Was it because they could not?</p>
<p>Of course not!</p>
<p>“The righteous path has the advantage in Western Desert’s conflict. The only worry is if Fang</p>
<p>clan goes all-in and sell all their resource points to Fang Yuan.” Star Constellation Immortal</p>
<p>Venerable had a thought.</p>
<p>She was the number one person in wisdom path, she had long expected such a situation, thus,</p>
<p>when she sent the members, she chose Zhou Xiong Xin.</p>
<p>Zhou Xiong Xin was an information path Gu Immortal, he was skilled at finding clues.</p>
<p>Once Fang clan abandoned everything and left, Zhou Xiong Xin would collect the relevant</p>
<p>information and let Star Constellation Immortal Venerable make deductions on them.</p>
<p>They had the duty of eradicating evil forces.</p>
<p>Fang clan had to be exterminated!</p>
<p>After Star Constellation Immortal Venerable refined all of Heavenly Court’s wisdom path dao</p>
<p>marks, she had to rest and accumulate immortal essence now before she could start her next</p>
<p>move.</p>
<p>“For the short period ahead, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s threat is even greater than Giant</p>
<p>Sun Immortal Venerable and Heaven Refining Demon Venerable.”</p>
<p>“It is time to send people to search for Fairy Zi Wei.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable arranged everything in meticulous and orderly fashion.</p>
    </body>
</html>