<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2255: Painful Sale</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2255: Painful Sale</h1>
        <p>Western Desert, Fang clan’s blessed land headquarters.</p>
<p>Fang clan’s immortals were all present, their expressions were ashen.</p>
<p>The atmosphere in the discussion hall was so heavy that it was suffocating.</p>
<p>“According to the information we obtained just earlier, Wan clan paid a visit to Qin clan, and Qin clan has already sent Qin Lang to take part in the battle.”</p>
<p>Qin Lang was a famous expert in Western Desert Gu Immortal world, he had rank seven cultivation and cultivated space path. His signature method was vortex sweep, once the move was used, it could clear out an area of ten thousand li.</p>
<p>“That means, the alliance that Wan clan gathered in the expedition against our Fang clan already includes Xiao clan, Qin clan, Sun clan, Shi clan, Gong clan, and Tang clan.”</p>
<p>“Sun clan’s representative is Sun Wang, he does not have high battle strength but is extremely proficient in investigative killer moves.”</p>
<p>“Gong clan sent Gong Jiao Che, you all know of his battle accomplishments.”</p>
<p>“Shi clan Gu Immortal Shi Kang is a recently famous expert, his defensive aspect is very powerful.”</p>
<p>“Tang clan Gu Immortal Tang Lan Ke is a time path Gu Immortal. She has all along been in charge of Tang clan’s tributary of the River of Time. Although she is not famous, since she was assigned such an important task by Tang clan, her strength is definitely out of the ordinary.”</p>
<p>“The strongest support is still Xiao clan. Xiao clan sent Xiao Ye Hu!”</p>
<p>“That’s right, this person had a fortuitous encounter when he was young, he obtained a Gu Immortal true inheritance and received a damaged Immortal Gu House. Xiao Ye Hu relied on this to cultivate until he became a Gu Immortal, he got Xiao clan’s help to repair the Immortal Gu House and changed his name to Xiao Ye Hu afterwards.”</p>
<p>“According to rumors, his dark path Immortal Gu House Chamber Pot[1] is extremely strange and vicious! Although it is pocket-sized, it can forcefully absorb Gu Immortals. If the Gu Immortal cannot escape and gets trapped in this pot for a night, they will become a pile of piss and stool.”</p>
<p>The Fang clan immortals felt a huge pressure weighing on them as they continued to discuss.</p>
<p>Western Desert’s super forces had fourteen clans: Lin clan, Xiao clan, Tian clan, Fang clan, Dong clan, Wan clan, Sun clan, Mo clan, Tang clan, Qin clan, Shi clan, Gong clan, Zuo Qiu clan, and Tuoba clan.</p>
<p>If the mysterious and secluded Yi clan was also counted, it would be fifteen clans.</p>
<p>Fang clan was only one of them.</p>
<p>There was no precise rankings of the strength of the super clans.</p>
<p>Western Desert was not like Southern Border, Southern Border’s Wu clan was the number one in strength which had been tested over a long period of time and was publicly approved by Gu Immortals.</p>
<p>A super force’s strength came from many aspects; for instance, Gu Immortals, resources, Immortal Gu Houses, and so on.</p>
<p>And these aspects also had strengths and weaknesses too.</p>
<p>In an actual situation, super forces competed, allied, or antagonized each other through many ways. Thus, it was rather difficult to rank the super forces.</p>
<p>Naturally, there was a vague consensus.</p>
<p>For instance, in the Western Desert Gu Immortal world, Xiao clan and Tian clan were normally thought of highly by Gu Immortals, because during the past peaceful era, these two had the largest businesses. They had many Gu Immortals and even had rank eight Gu Immortals leading them.</p>
<p>Fang clan’s strength was actually quite good.</p>
<p>Fang clan had rank eight Gu Immortal Fang Gong, possessed three Immortal Gu Houses, and now had added an earth path Immortal Gu House.</p>
<p>If they had Divine Bean Palace, Fang clan could have immediately become the dominant force in Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world.</p>
<p>Unfortunately, they did not succeed.</p>
<p>Now, Fang clan was facing the alliance of other super forces!</p>
<p>These super clans only needed to send one or two Gu Immortals, and it would be enough to make Fang clan have a tough time.</p>
<p>If just one-third of the super forces mobilized Immortal Gu Houses, it would be enough to surpass the scale of Fang clan’s Immortal Gu Houses.</p>
<p>Right now, Wan clan only had to contact the remaining super forces.</p>
<p>The Fang clan Gu Immortals already felt heavy weights pressing on their hearts, it felt like they were sitting on pins and needles.</p>
<p>As the immortals discussed, Fang Leng said: “Everyone, please don’t forget that there is still the most terrifying enemy that we need to face — Heavenly Court! Although the information says that Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals clearly won’t interfere in Western Desert’s internal affairs, it is because of their guarantee that we are unable to use Great Love Immortal Venerable’s authority, so these Western Desert super clans are free of their final apprehension.”</p>
<p>“What worries me the most is that Heavenly Court sent two rank eight Gu Immortals. Among them, Wan Zi Hong was a famous demonic path expert in Western Desert’s history.”</p>
<p>The moment Wan Zi Hong was mentioned, some Fang clan Gu Immortals understood Fang Leng’s meaning: “Could it be that this Wan Zi Hong is related to Wan clan?”</p>
<p>“Wan Zi Hong is a demonic immortal, there is no evidence of her being blood-related to Wan clan. But even if there is no evidence, it can be forged. If Wan Zi Hong is believed to be a member of Wan clan, Heavenly Court will have justification to interfere in Western Desert’s internal affairs. Despite this possibility being unlikely, we have to be prepared for it.”</p>
<p>Fang Leng’s words made many nod their heads.</p>
<p>Fang Gong was satisfied inwardly.</p>
<p>He raised Fang Leng as his successor, and he saw him mature day by day. Especially during this recent period of time, his growth was obvious.</p>
<p>At this time, Fang Yun said: “From what I see, our clan must seek Great Love Immortal Venerable’s help. As long as this lord helps, no matter how many Western Desert super clans come, they are of no worry. And only Great Love Immortal Venerable can contend against Heavenly Court’s Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.”</p>
<p>Fang Yun was Fang Di Chang’s successor, and unlike Fang Leng who simply expressed the issue, he directly spoke of his solution.</p>
<p>During the period that Fang Di Chang was captured, Fang Yun became the leader of Fang clan’s wisdom path faction.</p>
<p>He gained many experiences through this, and his influence in Fang clan had also increased by a lot.</p>
<p>As for why he did not mention Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, it was because Fang clan had no connection to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>In fact, even if they could contact him, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would be suspicious. After all, the connection between Fang clan and Fang Yuan was quite deep.</p>
<p>“Great Love Immortal Venerable already sent several rockman Gu Immortals, but they are only responsible for taking the resource points. We already sent a request to him, but Great Love Immortal Venerable... doesn’t seem to want to interfere.” Fang Leng said with a frown.</p>
<p>Fang clan had openly transacted some resources with Fang Yuan through treasure yellow heaven.</p>
<p>The other batch of resource points were secretly transacted with Fang Yuan. They naturally could not be passed through treasure yellow heaven, the biggest flaw of treasure yellow heaven was the openness, every transaction would be revealed.</p>
<p>Resource points were all counted and recorded, only by transacting them secretly could the information be concealed.</p>
<p>“The chance of getting Great Love Immortal Venerable to make a move is too low, and our clan cannot afford the cost as well.” At this time, Fang Di Chang finally spoke.</p>
<p>He had been maintaining silence before.</p>
<p>Besides him, Fang Gong and Fang Hua Sheng also did the same.</p>
<p>These three were the true leaders of Fang clan, they would not easily express their thoughts. Moreover, they were also giving Fang Leng and Fang Yun a chance to temper themselves.</p>
<p>Super forces were different from solitary Gu Immortals, they usually prioritized the cultivation of later generations.</p>
<p>The moment Fang Di Chang spoke, others kept quiet.</p>
<p>They were quietly watching Fang Di Chang with clear trust in their gazes.</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang suddenly chuckled before continuing: “No need to be worried, I have already deduced that the possibility of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable making a move is extremely unlikely.”</p>
<p>“In the confrontation between venerables, they will try to avoid a direct confrontation with each other, and will not move personally as a consequence of our affairs. Don’t think too highly of yourselves. In the eyes of venerables, we are lowly like ants.”</p>
<p>Fang clan immortals listened quietly, nodding their heads with strange expressions.</p>
<p>This might be the first time they were feeling joy at themselves being weak and ignored.</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang followed by saying: “But we still need to transact with Fang Yuan, we must rely on Fang Yuan, we must exchange for even more support from him!”</p>
<p>Fang Gong heard the meaning behind the words and frowned: “Ever since we occupied Wan clan’s territories, we have already traded many of Wan clan’s resource points with Fang Yuan, and exchanged for Immortal Gu and other resources. The rockman Gu Immortals sent by Fang Yuan are still busy moving away the resource points.”</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang shook his head: “But it is still not enough, we need even more Immortal Gu Houses! Once the war starts, we only have one rank eight, that is you. And the Wan clan alliance army will probably have several, even if they haven’t appeared now, once the battle turns for the worse, they will come to reinforce.”</p>
<p>“So, we need Immortal Gu Houses! Only then can our rank sixes and rank sevens be of use. Only then can they preserve their lives in the battle. They can advance and retreat to a certain extent with the Immortal Gu Houses.”</p>
<p>The Fang clan immortals were silent.</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang heaved a sigh: “We all know that the current situation is extremely grim. Our Fang clan is facing all of Western Desert’s righteous path!”</p>
<p>“We cannot directly raise our cultivation, our immortal essence stone reserves are also not sufficient, but Heavenly Court can keep on sending them immortal essence stones.”</p>
<p>“We must inflict an enormous loss to this wave of the alliance army. Otherwise, even if we hold on through this danger, there will be a second and third alliance army.”</p>
<p>“How many waves can our Fang clan hold off? In fact, we will use up all our strength just to block this first wave.”</p>
<p>“This is a correct judgment.” Fang Hua Sheng praised.</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang then mentioned transacting three big resource points, like black-yellow earth pool.</p>
<p>Fang clan’s immortals were shaken.</p>
<p>“Black-yellow earth pool is a super resource point.”</p>
<p>“It is no small matter!”</p>
<p>“It is Wan clan’s number one resource point, it contains their pride. Are we going to sell it this easily?”</p>
<p>“There will be considerable long-term benefits!”</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang did not speak, only looking at Fang Gong.</p>
<p>Fang Gong thought for a while before saying directly: “I agree, let’s handle it this way!”</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang smiled. At the crucial moment, Fang Gong did not disappoint him.</p>
<p>He continued: “Other resource points can be discussed, but we must openly transact this black-yellow earth pool with Fang Yuan!”</p>
<p>“Oh? Good plan!” Fang Yun immediately reacted, his eyes shining brightly.</p>
<p>When they learned of Fang clan’s decision, Shi Gua Bi and the rest were shaken.</p>
<p>“Fang clan has such a deep understanding of the situation!”</p>
<p>“More importantly, we have no way to relocate this kind of super resource point.”</p>
<p>Shi Gua Bi and the other rockman Gu Immortals felt somewhat awkward.</p>
<p>They only had rank seven cultivation, and this super resource point was at rank eight level.</p>
<p>“Please don’t worry, Alliance Leader Great Love already expected this.” Lu Wei Yin suddenly appeared and resolved the rockman Gu Immortals’ awkwardness.</p>
<p>Lu Wei Yin had joined the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, he naturally came because he received Fang Yuan’s order.</p>
<p>His defense was extraordinary among pseudo venerables, he could match the two Heavenly Court immortals. Moreover, he cultivated earth path, so it was of no issue for him to relocate black-yellow earth pool.</p>
<p>Such a move of killing two birds with one stone made Lu Wei Yin the most suitable person to be sent to Western Desert!</p>
<p>[1] Pronounced as Ye Hu in Chinese.</p>
    </body>
</html>