<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2223: Fang Yuan&apos;s Protection</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2223: Fang Yuan&apos;s Protection</h1>
        
        <p>Southern Border.</p> 
<p>Wu Yi Mountain.</p> 
<p>Wu clan's blessed land headquarters.</p> 
<p>Wu clan's Gu Immortals were gathered, Wu Yong sat at the main seat. Most of the Gu Immortals here were present, only a few individuals had no way of coming and sent their wills instead.</p> 
<p>"These last days, we have received letters from Ba clan, Tie clan, Luo clan, Hou clan, and the others. Take a look at them." Wu Yong waved his hand, more than ten information path Gu worms flew out.</p> 
<p>As Wu clan's Gu Immortals looked through them, their expressions turned grim and dark.</p> 
<p>The contents of these information path Gu worms, to put it mildly, were empty of value. They were merely using a righteous tone to condemn and question Wu Yong as to why he would make a deal with a demon like Fang Yuan! Some of them even threatened to withdraw from the Southern Alliance, arguing that Wu Yong was not qualified to take up the role of the alliance leader, they demanded that the alliance leader should be replaced by a more capable person.</p> 
<p>"These fellows..."</p> 
<p>"Hmph, they are shameless!"</p> 
<p>"I can't stand this, there are many super clans involved here, most of them have once worked together with Lu Wei Yin right? Back then, Lu Wei Yin and Fang Yuan cooperated to kill Spectral Soul and escaped from Heavenly Court's pursuit. Now, they have the nerve to come and reprimand us?"</p> 
<p>"They want to change the alliance leader? Hehe, in the whole of Southern Border's Gu Immortal world, is there anyone more suitable than Lord Wu Yong?!"</p> 
<p>Wu clan's Gu Immortals discussed among themselves, speaking in an angry tone.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong did not speak, he drank tea calmly as he listened to the immortals' conversations.</p> 
<p>The immortals got louder and more riled up, their tone became agitated and they wanted to exact revenge on those clans.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong put down his cup at this point, raising his hand slightly.</p> 
<p>The immortals saw this and immediately kept quiet, many of the Wu clan Gu Immortals who had stood up uncontrollably in anger quickly sat down.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong's gaze swept across everyone as the hall fell into silence.</p> 
<p>"This is my Wu clan." Wu clan was expressionless but he was incredibly pleased internally.</p> 
<p>Ever since he took charge of Wu clan, he had been leading them through crises, they experienced many battles and even chased after Fang Yuan. Most importantly, Wu Yong had incredible political skills, he gained the loyalty of the whole of Wu clan.</p> 
<p>Among them, there were not just the original Wu clan Gu Immortals, but also the new lone immortal external elders, and the newly advanced rank six Gu Immortals of recent times.</p> 
<p>In the earlier discussion, these people did not raise any objection or suggestion towards Wu Yong's decision and method.</p> 
<p>This showed how much prestige Wu Yong had in his clan!</p> 
<p>"Supreme elder Ba Chong, explain the situation to everyone." Wu Yong said plainly.</p> 
<p>"Yes." As the second supreme elder, Wu Ba Chong stood up and said to the present Gu Immortals: "Days ago, Heaven Refining Demon Venerable, no, I mean Great Love Immortal Venerable, personally sent us a message, he contacted first supreme elder and insisted for him to undergo a public transaction. Thinking of Wu clan, which cannot block Fang Yuan's rage, first supreme elder had to endure the humiliation and agree to Fang Yuan's request."</p> 
<p>Wu clan's immortals looked at each other.</p> 
<p>Some had a change of expression, some clenched their fists, while some gritted their teeth, they could feel the immense pressure from Fang Yuan just by hearing this account.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan acted in an unrestrained manner, in this situation, it was logical for Wu Yong to be forced into such a transaction.</p> 
<p>But at the next moment, Wu Yong laughed loudly: "Oh Ba Chong, no need to say this to them. We are all one family, I will tell you the straightforward truth."</p> 
<p>The immortals tensed up and focused.</p> 
<p>Bright light shined in Wu Yong's eyes: "This is not my first transaction with Fang Yuan. Before this, we have already done several secret transactions, Fang Yuan's evidence is not fake."</p> 
<p>Saying so, Wu Yong paused for a second.</p> 
<p>Seeing that the hall was silent and that every Gu Immortal still looked at him with a heated gaze, Wu Yong nodded in satisfaction, continuing: "The reason for this is very simple. Firstly, be it the previous Fang Yuan or the current venerable Fang Yuan, he is an existence that we cannot provoke. Secondly, making transactions with Fang Yuan benefited us greatly!"</p> 
<p>"Our Wu clan gained several new Immortal Gu recently, they were all Fang Yuan's creations. If we had to refine them ourselves, we would have spent many times the immortal materials without any success."</p> 
<p>Wu clan's immortals were silent.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong looked around and went past Wu Ba Chong, his gaze ending up on Wu Qiao.</p> 
<p>Wu Qiao shuddered and instantly stood up, speaking in a shivering voice: "But, but... now that these super forces are reprimanding us, how should we deal with it?"</p> 
<p>Wu Yong smiled as he nodded at Wu Qiao: "Good question."</p> 
<p>Saying so, he extended his hand, all of the information path mortal Gu flew back to him.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong blew lightly, a slight breeze went in the air, destroying all of the information path mortal Gu immediately.</p> 
<p>"These so-called accusations are completely useless." Wu Yong snickered coldly: "Will they dare to attack us?"</p> 
<p>The immortals were stunned.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong leaned back on his chair, he was high and mighty as his gaze swept down on everyone: "Do you still not understand? Everyone — times have changed!"</p> 
<p>"The fate war, the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan, and the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, after all these, Heavenly Court's foundation has already been expended. Even though Star Constellation Immortal Venerable revived, she had no choice but to announce that the other two venerables were of the demonic path!"</p> 
<p>"But both Giant Sun and Fang Yuan are also claiming themselves to be Immortal Venerables, they do not agree with the Demon Venerable title."</p> 
<p>"What is immortal? What is demonic?"</p> 
<p>"What is righteous path? What is demonic path?"</p> 
<p>The immortals were all shaken.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong laughed: "With the conflict of three venerables now, the five regions and two heavens will enter an unprecedented great era! If we still use our former judgment to differentiate righteous and demonic, we will only be devoured by the terrifying tides of the new era!"</p> 
<p>"Didn't you see how Fang Yuan spent no effort to recruit the entire Righteous Qi Alliance? Our Southern Alliance, against these venerables, is completely useless and powerless. It is impossible to lead a group of sheep to defeat a fierce tiger. Furthermore, against these venerables, we are not even considered sheep."</p> 
<p>"The only thing that can fight a venerable is a venerable!"</p> 
<p>"Us pitiful worms need to survive between the cracks of the venerables. We need to work hard and absorb more nutrients to strengthen ourselves, if we can gain the pity of destiny, we might have a chance of survival."</p> 
<p>"Give up the so-called pride of the righteous path, break free from the restraints of cheap morals and virtues, abandon your superiority complex as a Gu Immortal, these are all superficial and worthless things. Like the information path mortal Gu I destroyed earlier, a venerable can kill all of us Gu Immortals with just a simple breath as well."</p> 
<p>Finally, Wu Yong raised his volume and said solemnly: "Work your very best, spend every minute and second of your life to fight for survival in this terrifying great era!"</p> 
<p>"Yes, we have learned much from first supreme elder's wise words!" Wu Ba Chong, Wu Qiao, and the other Wu clan Gu Immortals stood up and replied solemnly.</p> 
<p>Western Desert.</p> 
<p>Wan clan headquarters.</p> 
<p>A banquet had just ended, in the main hall with many used cups, there were only several Wan clan Gu Immortals left.</p> 
<p>Rank six Gu Immortal Wan Zhui Qing smashed the cup in his hand on the ground in anger.</p> 
<p>"These hypocritical and vicious clans, they are a disgrace to Western Desert! Don't they have the glory and resolution of the righteous path?!" Wan Zhui Qing shouted in anger, his face was flushed red.</p> 
<p>"Zhui Qing." Wan Xiao frowned slightly.</p> 
<p>"Am I wrong?" Wan Zhui Qing was still furious: "These last days, we held a small banquet every three days and a large banquet every five days, but what about these Gu Immortals? They are all giving vague replies and refuse to give definite answers!"</p> 
<p>"Zhui Qing!" Wan Xiao shouted.</p> 
<p>"Forget it, forget it." At this time, Wan clan's first supreme elder left his seat with a solemn expression, but his back seemed to be bent and weak.</p> 
<p>The remaining Wan clan Gu Immortals fell into deep silence.</p> 
<p>Outside Wan clan's headquarters, Tang Fang Ming and Tang Miao flew in the sky while looking at the stars, they were very relaxed.</p> 
<p>"Occasionally coming out to relax is a good decision, brother." Tang Miao smiled.</p> 
<p>Tang Fang Ming nodded, having the same feeling.</p> 
<p>He was the rank seven Gu Immortal expert in Tang clan who received the most support, but different from Shi Kang, the reason why Tang Fang Ming was supported and placed great importance upon was because he had extraordinary talent and aptitude in dream path exploration.</p> 
<p>This time, they went to Wan clan because Tang Fang Ming's beloved sister Tang Miao wanted to go sightseeing.</p> 
<p>"Brother, Wan clan attended to us really nicely, they are very determined to deal with Fang clan as well. After negotiating with the various clans these days, Wan clan has already relented multiple times. When do you think the alliance army will be formed?" Tang Miao asked.</p> 
<p>Tang Fang Ming smiled coldly: "The alliance army against Fang clan is not going to be created."</p> 
<p>"What, why?"</p> 
<p>"Let's take an example." Tang Fang Ming sighed, "Currently, the five regions and two heavens is like a forest with three fierce tigers that are exceptionally scary."</p> 
<p>Tang Miao's eyes lit up: "Brother, you mean the three venerables?"</p> 
<p>Tang Fang Ming nodded: "Other than these three fierce beasts, there are many birds, rabbits, and fish. Right now, a small bird called Wan wants to deal with a small rabbit called Fang. The bird knows it cannot win alone so it gathered other birds and rabbits to try to pay a high price, in order to bully the individual."</p> 
<p>"However, the rabbit named Fang is currently leaning on a fierce beast. Nobody knows if the fierce beast will get angered if they touch this rabbit. If the fierce beast moves, no matter how many animals the bird named Wan gathers, they will all become food for the fierce beast."</p> 
<p>Tang Miao was somewhat surprised: "Brother, you mean to say that this is the reason why these super forces cannot form an alliance army?"</p> 
<p>Tang Fang Ming nodded again with a solemn expression: "No matter how harmonious the banquet is, or how intense the negotiation between Wan clan and the others get, they are all superficial in nature. The truth is that these animals are shivering in fear and deeply alert regarding the beasts. If any of them move in the forest, none of the animals can stop them."</p> 
<p>Tang Miao took in a deep breath: "Thankfully, our Tang clan has been in contact with Lord Fang Yuan since long ago, we have undergone countless transactions. In my opinion, since Southern Border's alliance leader Wu Yong made a transaction with Fang Yuan publicly, our Tang clan can also..."</p> 
<p>"Absolutely not!" Tang Fang Ming said: "Every action by Lord Fang Yuan contains deep meaning. The reason why he exposed evidence earlier and showed the transactions with many forces and Gu Immortals, without mentioning our Tang clan, is because he is protecting us!"</p> 
<p>"Our Tang clan cannot compare with Southern Border's Wu clan, or even Fang clan, we are a weak force in Western Desert, because of our territorial location, we would be easily ganged up on and attacked."</p> 
<p>"At this time, we cannot cause any commotion or raise attention to ourselves. We should only continue to work with Lord Fang Yuan in secret, we cannot waste his efforts."</p> 
<p>"Of course, the information of Wan clan gathering the forces can be sold to Fang clan as a favor from us."</p> 
<p>"Fang clan and Lord Fang Yuan have many transactions, from this angle, they are our natural ally."</p> 
<p>Tang Fang Ming spoke frankly, but he had a clear view of the situation, Tang Miao listened with shining eyes, gaining realization as well.</p> 
<p>But at this time, Tang Fang Ming's expression changed slightly.</p> 
<p>"Brother, what's wrong?"</p> 
<p>"Gu Immortals are transacting with Fang Yuan again in treasure yellow heaven, there are three people this time! Among which, two are from Northern Plains and Central Continent." Tang Fang Ming replied quickly with a flash of excitement in his eyes.</p>
    </body>
</html>
