<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2318: Giant Sun Accidentally Harms His Son</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2318: Giant Sun Accidentally Harms His Son</h1>
        <p>Even before the Huang Jin tribes asked for help, Longevity Heaven had already detected the commotion in Flower Forest Forbidden Land.</p>
<p>Bing Sai Chuan was overseeing Longevity Heaven.</p>
<p>He was having a discussion with Yao Huang and some of the Eight Extremities.</p>
<p>“The commotion in the fierce area is no small matter, we have to take care of it.”</p>
<p>“In my opinion, we must verify the reason for the commotion!”</p>
<p>“Maybe because the sun was destroyed and spectral heaven formed, it caused light path to decline and dark path to prosper. Flower Forest Forbidden Land has a dense number of dark path dao marks.”</p>
<p>After the discussion, Bing Sai Chuan personally moved towards the fierce area to inspect the situation while the others continued to guard Longevity Heaven.</p>
<p>The reason for this arrangement was because Bing Sai Chuan possessed a time path killer move that could trace an event to its source and see the truth in the past.</p>
<p>Longevity Heaven opened its entrance as Bing Sai Chuan moved directly to Flower Forest Forbidden Land.</p>
<p>Zuo Ye Hui who was already hiding in spectral heaven was near Longevity Heaven’s entrance.</p>
<p>it saw the entrance open and close but did not move.</p>
<p>The opening of the entrance was indeed an excellent chance to enter the grotto-heaven but it was too conspicuous. Even if Zuo Ye Hui had concealment methods, it was not easy to do this.</p>
<p>Gu Immortals were deeply concerned whenever they opened their immortal aperture. If Zuo Ye Hui entered at this time, it was simply exposing itself and looking for trouble, and it was also underestimating Bing Sai Chuan.</p>
<p>Zuo Ye Hui did not want to have a frontal fight.</p>
<p>It might be a grand legendary immemorial beast but it was nothing when compared to Longevity Heaven and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>From the start, it had not thought of forcefully intruding to save You Tian Guang.The rescue was a technical operation, if it acted rashly, it was likely to fail and even cause himself to get captured!</p>
<p>Zuo Ye Hui continued to hide and activate a killer move.</p>
<p>“This opportunity is extremely rare, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable is fighting the other three venerables and has no leisure time to split his concentration. Flower Forest Forbidden Land lured away a rank eight expert. The specific location of Longevity Heaven’s entrance is also exposed. I must make the best use of this time!”</p>
<p>Zuo Ye Hui and You Tian Guang had a mysterious connection.</p>
<p>Relying on this connection, Zuo Ye Hui’s dark path killer move gradually showed a miraculous effect.</p>
<p>Inside Longevity Heaven, You Tian Guang was imprisoned in Calamity Luck Altar.</p>
<p>Suddenly having a sensation, You Tian Guang lowered its head and looked at its heart. Shortly after, it reacted, roaring and struggling fiercely.</p>
<p>Calamity Luck Altar shook constantly, the Eight Extremities, who were guarding outside, saw this and quickly acted to suppress You Tian Guang.</p>
<p>“You Tian Guang, you have tried so many times but still haven’t realized that you can’t escape Calamity Luck Altar by yourself?”</p>
<p>“Surrendering to my Longevity Heaven is your only way out.”</p>
<p>“As long as you surrender to Longevity Heaven, you will be protected by Lord Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.”</p>
<p>You Tian Guang roared furiously: ”Return my light Gu!”</p>
<p>The Eight Extremities persuaded: ”You Tian Guang, light Gu has always been a wild Gu, it only resided in your body temporarily, how can you call it yours?”</p>
<p>“That’s correct. Lord Giant Sun Immortal Venerable won against two venerables and seized this Gu, it belongs to my Longevity Heaven now!”</p>
<p>“You should be grateful to Lord Immortal Venerable and his son, if not for them, you would have already been killed by Star Constellation or Fang Yuan.”</p>
<p>You Tian Guang’s aura declined rapidly from their suppression but it still shouted: ”Return my light Gu and I will consider surrendering!”</p>
<p>The few Eight Extremities looked at each other before shaking their heads and strengthening the suppression power of Calamity Luck Altar.</p>
<p>Finally, You Tian Guang exhausted all its strength and gave up with reluctance, hatred, and anger as it was suppressed.</p>
<p>But this time, it had a new hope.</p>
<p>“Brother, I am coming to save you, let’s discuss the plan first!” A lump of black liquid flowed out of You Tian Guang’s heart and turned into the appearance of a mini Zuo Ye Hui.</p>
<p>Zuo Ye Hui paused for a moment before continuing: ”My killer move has gone through modification and will continue to accumulate strength inside your body. When it has accumulated enough strength, you can use my strength to erupt with all your power. At that time, I will coordinate with you from outside Longevity Heaven and open a hole in Longevity Heaven!”</p>
<p>You Tian Guang did not feel at ease: ”Giant Sun Immortal Venerable cannot be underestimated, be careful of him, you must not trap yourself.”</p>
<p>Zuo Ye Hui informed You Tian Guang of the current situation.</p>
<p>You Tian Guang was exulted: ”The chaotic battle of four venerables will probably last for a long time. This is indeed the best time for me to escape! It is a pity that your arrangements in Flower Forest Forbidden Land only lured away Bing Sai Chuan.”</p>
<p>“Longevity Heaven is probably cautious because of Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan’s three clones are wreaking havoc in Central Continent and the star array calculation formation is already damaged.” Zuo Ye Hui analyzed.</p>
<p>The two legendary immemorial beasts conversed secretly, no one in Longevity Heaven sensed it.</p>
<p>Bing Sai Chuan quietly landed in Flower Forest Forbidden Land.</p>
<p>He searched all the way and traced the aura to its source, gradually nearing the area where Zuo Ye Hui set up the immortal formation.</p>
<p>“There is trouble!” Lu Qing Ming and Su Guang who were controlling the formation sensed Bing Sai Chuan early on.</p>
<p>Their expressions were heavy as they knew the severity of the situation.</p>
<p>Once they were discovered by Bing Sai Chuan, there would be no way for them to escape.</p>
<p>The two had thought of surrendering but they were under the control of Zuo Ye Hui’s dark path method. As long as they even tried to surrender, the dark path method would trigger and take their lives.</p>
<p>They two had to continue to activate the immortal formation and enlarge the scale of the beast tide, they could not stop for even a while.</p>
<p>Otherwise, the dark path method would similarly trigger and kill them directly.</p>
<p>“Zuo Ye Hui is using us as cannon fodder!”</p>
<p>“Sigh, I did not expect today that we will die today.”</p>
<p>Just as the two were in despair, the situation suddenly took a turn for the better.</p>
<p>“Who is it?!” Bing Sai Chuan stopped, his gaze emitting cold light as he became vigilant.</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing’s mind jolted slightly.</p>
<p>He had come to Flower Forest Forbidden Land secretly and was concealed. His goal was to gather some precious and rare immortal materials to help him complete the sword forest killer move.</p>
<p>But then, the beast tide occurred.</p>
<p>This was a good thing for Lin Jian Xing.</p>
<p>The chaotic situation was much more suitable for him to look for benefits.</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing entered deep inside the fierce area and ran into Bing Sai Chuan.</p>
<p>Although he had pseudo venerable battle strength, he was not proficient at concealment methods. Fortunately, Bing Sai Chuan looked around a few times before shaking his head.</p>
<p>“Maybe I was wrong?”</p>
<p>Bing Sai Chuan whispered softly before continuing forward while inspecting the area.</p>
<p>He did not notice any suspicious interference in this beast tide but he also did not find the reason for the beast tide’s outbreak.</p>
<p>He followed the traces to their source and gradually neared the dark path immortal formation.</p>
<p>Right at this time, a group of four-legged white scale snake flew over.</p>
<p>The white scale snakes had already turned mad, when they discovered Bing Sai Chuan, they attacked immediately without thinking.</p>
<p>Bing Sai Chuan’s pupils shrank and was about to kill these snakes when a ray of sword qi shot towards him from the left.</p>
<p>Bing Sai Chuan was not surprised and quickly acted to block the sword qi while saying to Lin Jian Xing who had revealed himself: ”Hehe, I knew there was someone there... hmm? Lin Jian Xing!”</p>
<p>Bing Sai Chuan recognized Lin Jian Xing.</p>
<p>After the five Heavenly Court immortals lost to Lin Jian Xing, his appearance was already spread widely, Bing Sai Chuan naturally knew of him.</p>
<p>Bing Sai Chuan’s brows furrowed tightly: ”Lin Jian Xing, do you want to stand against my Longevity Heaven?”</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing frowned but he looked at the group of white scale snakes: ”These white scale snakes’ tongues are sword path immortal materials that I require. I came for them this time. Bing Sai Chuan, I seek your understanding.”</p>
<p>“Is that so?” Bing Sai Chuan was doubtful but Lin Jian Xing was a pseudo venerable after all, he did not want to start a fight rashly, ”These white scale snakes’ tongues are indeed rare resources. But don’t worry, Lin Jian Xing, Longevity Heaven has many of them in our storage. If you are interested, I am willing to deepen our friendship and gift them to you.”</p>
<p>“Oh?” Lin Jian Xing raised his brows slightly. He was just about to consider when a large group of immemorial desolate beast rushed towards this area.</p>
<p>The scene became chaotic immediately.</p>
<p>The white scale snakes were only ancient desolate beasts, they were not the match of these immemorial desolate beasts. But it was too late to escape now, their formation was scattered by the immemorial desolate beasts.</p>
<p>Lin Jian Xing attacked these immemorial desolate beasts and retrieved as many white scale snake tongues as he could.</p>
<p>Bing Sai Chuan observed from the side while urgently contacting Longevity Heaven to mobilize the Harem Palaces of Northern Plains and Western Desert.</p>
<p>He would not easily believe Lin Jian Xing’s one-sided statement, it was much safer to use Immortal Gu Houses to face a pseudo venerable.</p>
<p>Back then, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable gathered beauties and constructed five harem palaces in the five regions which were all Immortal Gu Houses.</p>
<p>A few members of the Eight Extremities received the command and immediately flew out of Longevity Heaven with the Immortal Gu Houses.</p>
<p>Zuo Ye Hui was doubtful and happy at this sight.</p>
<p>In fact, Lu Qing Ming and Su Guang still being concealed at this point was already beyond Zuo Ye Hui’s expectations.</p>
<p>Right now, Longevity Heaven sent two Immortal Gu Houses and several Gu Immortals, their direction was clearly Flower Forest Forbidden Land; Zuo Ye Hui could not understand what was going on.</p>
<p>But no matter what, his situation had become better than before.</p>
<p>After a while, You Tian Guang roared fiercely, erupting with the accumulated dark path strength and catching the Eight Extremities, who were guarding this place, off-guard.</p>
<p>You Tian Guang seized this chance and attacked. After ten breaths of time of stalemate, it was able to charge out of Calamity Luck Altar.</p>
<p>It did not escape immediately, instead, it followed its sense towards a secluded area.</p>
<p>The Eight Extremities left behind were pale with fright: ”Oh no! That is where our prince is resting!!”</p>
<p>Yao Huang had already come out of Blood Sea and wanted to stop You Tian Guang, but he was a step late.</p>
<p>He watched with the newly arrived Mao Li Qiu as You Tian Guang took Light Emperor and left.</p>
<p>Light Emperor was nourishing rank nine light Gu with his body. Even under such a drastic situation, he was still like a statue with his eyes closed as if he had lost all perception towards the outside world.</p>
<p>“Don’t provoke me or I may crush him to death!” You Tian Guang roared loudly, the encircling Gu Immortals hesitated and were in a dilemma.</p>
<p>“Don’t kill him, otherwise when Lord Giant Sun Immortal Venerable returns, you will definitely die!”</p>
<p>“You Tian Guang, everything can be discussed, please calm down.”</p>
<p>“Quick, call Bing Sai Chuan and the others to come back.”</p>
<p>While the Longevity Heaven Gu Immortals were panicking, You Tian Guang made a move. Zuo Ye Hui also came out of hiding in the outside world, the two had a high degree of coordination, directly tearing open a hole in Longevity Heaven.</p>
<p>This hole was not large but You Tian Guang had an amazing method.</p>
<p>He first swallowed Light Emperor before transforming his body into a lump of light that forced its way through the hole and into the outside world.</p>
<p>After appearing in the outside world, the light changed back into You Tian Guang.</p>
<p>Longevity Heaven’s Gu Immortals gave chase and arrived outside, they saw You Tian Guang and their expressions turned unsightly when the saw Zuo Ye Hui as well.</p>
<p>“We fell for their trap!” Yao Huang stomped his foot in anger.</p>
<p>After Bing Sai Chuan received the news, he looked at Lin Jian Xing with narrowed eyes: ”So it was like this, Brother Lin actually joined hands with Zuo Ye Hui.”</p>
<p>“What do you mean?” Lin Jian Xing was baffled.</p>
<p>In the battlefield over the heaven path dream realms.</p>
<p>“What?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had been concentrating on fighting Fang Yuan when he heard this bad news.</p>
<p>“This situation seems to be created by my nothing is certain except success killer move!” The vague luck path sensation stupefied Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable wanted to explain the situation to himself but he was not able to!</p>
<p>“My killer move should... not have a problem, right?”</p>
<p>“I rarely used it in my previous life.”</p>
<p>“I have modified this move recently, indeed... there should be... probably... not much of an issue.”</p>
<p>“Giant Sun, what happened?” As the number one person in wisdom path, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was very perceptive towards the changes of emotions, she asked directly.</p>
<p>“Ah, nothing, there is no issue.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable shook his hands repeatedly while feeling bitter inwardly.</p>
    </body>
</html>