<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2224: Power of a Refinement Path Venerable</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2224: Power of a Refinement Path Venerable</h1>
        
        <p>A lump of fire was burning quietly in Fang Yuan's hand.</p> 
<p>The fire was only the size of an infant's fist, its color changed constantly. If a refinement path expert saw it, they would shout out in shock.</p> 
<p>Because the change in the color of the flame was only the superficial appearance, the essence was something different.</p> 
<p>For example, red flame meant fire refinement. When it was white, that was light refinement. When it was icy blue, that was ice refinement…</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan clenched his fist lightly, the flame disappeared instantly.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan kept silent as he fell into deep contemplation.</p> 
<p>A long while later, he blinked his eyes and retracted all of his scattered thoughts.</p> 
<p>During this period of time, he had been personally refining Immortal Gu and did not activate Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool at all. He refined more than ten Immortal Gu that were mostly rank six and seven, it was not an accomplishment for someone like Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>But in this process, Fang Yuan gained a considerable harvest.</p> 
<p>His current refinement path attainment level was at supreme grandmaster! Any Gu refinement method was very easily discerned by him, he could understand their full profundity. No Gu recipes had hidden secrets in the eyes of Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Right now, Fang Yuan could modify most recipes with a single attempt. Even for the more profound Immortal Gu recipes that needed some time to modify and expended a lot of effort to deduce appropriate immortal materials, by simply using Fang Yuan's refinement path intuition, he could just take a look to understand the exact direction that the Immortal Gu recipe should go in.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan tried many times, his attempts confirmed that this intuition gave correct answers with certainty!</p> 
<p>This was the same for modifying refinement path killer moves and Gu refinement methods. Once, when Fang Yuan was refining Gu, he had an inspiration and thought of a new Gu refinement method, he succeeded on the first try!</p> 
<p>When he personally refined Gu, Fang Yuan could feel a sense of control.</p> 
<p>This sense of control greatly raised the success rate of refining Immortal Gu. When he refined the various Immortal Gu, when he got to a certain point of the refinement process, Fang Yuan would have a feeling that success was guaranteed.</p> 
<p>Even if the Gu refinement was going to fail, Fang Yuan still had the sense of control. He could predict the failure of the Gu refinement in advance.</p> 
<p>After all, even a refinement path venerable could fail when refining Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>On one hand, it was the refinement method. If any human error occurred, failure was guaranteed.</p> 
<p>On the other hand, the various paths still had their own constraints. For example, refining fire path Immortal Gu would need a large amount of fire path immortal materials. Fang Yuan's control over the fire path immortal material would be much lower naturally since his fire path attainment level was way inferior to refinement path.</p> 
<p>"But when I try to refine refinement path Immortal Gu, the success rate is basically a hundred percent. Of course, I have not tried to refine rank nine refinement path Immortal Gu yet."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had already confirmed this point.</p> 
<p>Refinement path Immortal Gu would use a large amount of refinement path immortal materials, Fang Yuan's control over these refinement path immortal materials was a hundred percent!</p> 
<p>On this point, be they Old Eccentric Tian Nan, Old Immortal Kong Jue, or Long Hair Ancestor, they could not compare to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Because Fang Yuan was a refinement path venerable, he could refine the natural refinement path dao marks of the outside world.</p> 
<p>Refinement path immortal materials contained refinement path dao marks, they were also subjected to this. Thus, Fang Yuan had perfect control over these immortal materials.</p> 
<p>Thus, as long as there were no errors in the refinement method, with few immortal materials from other paths, the refinement path Immortal Gu's refinement would have a success rate that was infinitely close to a hundred percent!</p> 
<p>In terms of Gu refinement success rate, Fang Yuan had already surpassed Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.</p> 
<p>This was under the condition that he had little practice and was not proficient in many refinement path methods and killer moves yet.</p> 
<p>Even though Fang Yuan was a refinement path venerable now, he still had a long way to improve in terms of refinement path.</p> 
<p>"Other than practicing more and gaining experience, in the future, when my other paths' attainment levels rise, my success rate in refining Immortal Gu of those paths will also rise rapidly as well!"</p> 
<p>"It is a pity that I cannot retrieve the Primordial Domain in treasure yellow heaven yet."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not have a way to retrieve the Primordial Domain, thus, he kept the Primordial Domain that he obtained from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable in treasure yellow heaven, he continued to pay the fee for storing it there.</p> 
<p>Thinking of treasure yellow heaven, Fang Yuan recalled the three Gu Immortals that transacted with him earlier.</p> 
<p>These three came from Southern Border, Central Continent, and Northern Plains.</p> 
<p>They had open transactions that used their real names, thus the five regions' Gu Immortals learned of the details.</p> 
<p>The Southern Border Gu Immortal was a member from Qiao clan, which was Wu clan's vassal, the open transaction between Qiao clan's Gu Immortal and Fang Yuan was likely instructed by Wu Yong to alleviate the political pressure on Wu clan.</p> 
<p>Other than that, there was the lone immortal from Northern Plains and demonic immortal from Central Continent.</p> 
<p>The truth was, after Wu Yong's transaction, there were many Gu Immortals who wanted to secretly contact Fang Yuan for Immortal Gu refinement.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan's rule was that the transaction had to be openly done, thus, many Gu Immortals hesitated.</p> 
<p>Only a few Gu Immortals, because of their own nature or external pressure, accepted Fang Yuan's rule of an open transaction.</p> 
<p>Afterwards, Fang Yuan chose these two people.</p> 
<p>They did not have high cultivation level, they were rank six Gu Immortals that were at the bottom of the Gu Immortal world.</p> 
<p>Maybe it was because of their identity at the bottom, these two were more inclined to take risks and try to change their current situation.</p> 
<p>It was like how poor people often disregarded their lives, while rich people were cautious and scared of dying.</p> 
<p>Of course, these two people were no longer in Northern Plains and Central Continent.</p> 
<p>Nobody knew what Heavenly Court's and Longevity Heaven's reactions would be after they made a transaction with Fang Yuan. These two Gu Immortals were not stupid, they escaped to another region immediately.</p> 
<p>In the past, this action would have many drawbacks.</p> 
<p>But with the dissipation of the regional walls and the unification of the five regions, as well as the movement of qi tides, the heaven and earth qi of the five regions became the same, there were no longer differences.</p> 
<p>Thus, no matter which region a Gu Immortal went to, they would not be restricted by heaven and earth qi.</p> 
<p>"The following period is crucial." Fang Yuan did not know what the reactions of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would be, he was anticipating them with alertness and wariness.</p> 
<p>According to his deductions, there were four possible reactions from the two venerables.</p> 
<p>First, they could send subordinates to kill these two rank six Gu Immortals. This was easy, Fang Yuan purposely chose them back then because they were weak.</p> 
<p>If these two died at the hands of Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court, Fang Yuan would be very happy.</p> 
<p>Second, the two venerables cooperate to attack Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was very wary against this situation, but he wanted to see this as well.</p> 
<p>Third, the two venerables target treasure yellow heaven instead.</p> 
<p>This situation would be the same as crippling the foundation of Fang Yuan's Great Love Gu refinement plan.</p> 
<p>But the possibility was too slim, ever since treasure yellow heaven appeared, it had existed until now. During this time, Heavenly Court, Longevity Heaven, Shadow Sect, and other geniuses and outstanding experts wanted to find treasure yellow heaven, but they all failed.</p> 
<p>Even now, Fang Yuan did not know where treasure yellow heaven was.</p> 
<p>It was truly an extremely mysterious existence.</p> 
<p>Fourth, which was the most likely situation that the two venerables would choose, was to ignore Fang Yuan's Gu refinement business since they could not stop it anyway. They would target other aspects, like elevating their cultivation and forces, to try and use other advantages against Fang Yuan's Great Love Gu refinement plan.</p> 
<p>"The truth is, ever since we left Crazed Demon Cave, the contest between me, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had already begun. Whoever can develop the best will have the greatest advantage in our upcoming fights."</p> 
<p>"Advantages may not become victory in the end, but as advantages accumulate, the eventual outcome will be affected for sure."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had a clear recognition of his standing among the three venerables.</p> 
<p>Recalling the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan was aware that he could win because he had the most accurate combat tactics.</p> 
<p>Because Fang Yuan only showed pseudo venerable battle strength, and because the venerables had been using him as a pawn all along, they did not think much of him subconsciously.</p> 
<p>Be they Giant Sun Immortal Venerable or Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, they treated each other as the greatest threat.</p> 
<p>This gave Fang Yuan a lot of room to maneuver.</p> 
<p>But venerables were not so easily deceived.</p> 
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan purposely exposed his ambition in refinement path, causing the two venerables to find out that he was trying to become venerable through refinement path.</p> 
<p>After that, when he had sufficient accumulation in refinement path attainment level, he purposely gave up the fight over Primordial Domain in front of the two venerables.</p> 
<p>With the refinement path portion of Primordial Domain destroyed, both venerables knew that Fang Yuan could not become venerable in the short term, they let their guard down against him.</p> 
<p>On this basis, Fang Yuan continued to expose his weakness.</p> 
<p>For example, Zhan Bu Du had been extremely high-profile in the few fights he was in, it caused a huge headache for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p> 
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan purposely let him die at Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's hands.</p> 
<p>Or for example, reverse flow protection seal, Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress, and other methods that the venerables knew about.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan purposely used up these methods so that the venerables would be even less on guard against him.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had even planned to sacrifice the Qi Sea clone purposely.</p> 
<p>But even at that extent, the two venerables were still not assured about Fang Yuan, at certain times, they worked together to try to eliminate him first.</p> 
<p>That was the most dangerous moment for Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>He had both internal and external threats, his life was hanging on a thread in many situations. After all, Spring Autumn Cicada could not be used.</p> 
<p>Thankfully, Fang Yuan got through those ordeals and finally saw the light of day at the end of the tunnel.</p> 
<p>The two venerables consumed each other's strength, while Limitless Demon Venerable's appearance and Paradise Earth's venerable ascension attempt caused the two venerables' attention to be shifted to them.</p> 
<p>Eventually, Fang Yuan took a chance to kill Paradise Earth and repel the two venerables, becoming the greatest winner in this battle in Crazed Demon Cave.</p> 
<p>Other than the proper combat tactics, the most important criteria for victory was that Fang Yuan had made all sorts of preparations before the battle started.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan obtained ability Gu and fortitude Gu, they were extremely useful in Crazed Demon Cave.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan raised the cultivation level of his subordinates, allowing White Rabbit and Miao Yin to fight against Duke Mei and Duke Tong.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan deduced and modified many killer moves like Dang Hun Luo Po Seal, road of life, several hundred totem killer moves, heaven envies heroic geniuses, and countless compound killer moves.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan even created the artificial earth vein and defensive food path methods, he also prepared dream path killer moves.</p> 
<p>Most of them were used in Crazed Demon Cave, if he had not made ample preparation, even if Fang Yuan had the proper tactics, he could not last until the end.</p> 
<p>"I became a refinement path venerable and gained the most benefits in the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable are placing a huge focus on me now."</p> 
<p>"I need to do everything to raise my strength and develop further, that is how I can accumulate my advantage in the contest of three venerables."</p> 
<p>The results of development now would be the crucial factors affecting the victory of the contest of three venerables in the future!</p>
    </body>
</html>
