<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2252: Rank Nine Advance Refinement Gu!</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2252: Rank Nine Advance Refinement Gu!</h1>
        <p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had instructed Heavenly Lord Bai Zu: If possible, try your best to obtain all of Fang Yuan’s blood path Immortal Gu!</p>
<p>But Heavenly Lord Bai Zu naturally could not say that right now, so he mentioned ten Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan sneered when he received the message.</p>
<p>Among these Immortal Gu, there were Bloodline, Blood Asset, Blood Skull, and Blood Qi.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan possessed bloodline Gu.</p>
<p>This Immortal Gu had been Wu clan’s property. Back when Fang Yuan disguised as Wu Yi Hai, Wu clan had even used this bloodline Gu to test Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Later, Fang Yuan scammed them and became its owner.</p>
<p>It was not difficult for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to know of this information.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan also had blood asset Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>This was a unique Gu created by Lang Ya land spirit by combining some blood path Gu recipes he bought in treasure yellow heaven.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan smoothly obtained it from Lang Ya Sect.</p>
<p>Currently, blood asset Immortal Gu was already raised from rank six to rank eight. It was one of the core Immortal Gu of Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, as one of the four elements, it was extremely important.</p>
<p>Blood skull Immortal Gu was also with Fang Yuan!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan originally possessed rank four blood skull mortal Gu, and he had once used it to raise his aptitude.</p>
<p>But the price of using blood skull mortal Gu was very high, the Gu Master had to kill enough blood-related kin to raise their aptitude.</p>
<p>In Qing Mao Mountain, Fang Yuan slaughtered almost the whole of Gu Yue village to raise his aptitude.</p>
<p>At Gu Immortal level, the price of using blood skull Gu to raise aptitude rose explosively. To Gu Immortals who acted alone, blood skull Gu was of little use.</p>
<p>But to a force, blood skull Gu was extremely significant.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan could not obtain benefits from blood skull Gu, but others could.</p>
<p>The memories from the five hundred years of his previous life told him that blood skull Immortal Gu’s true inheritance was destroyed because of the changes in the world.</p>
<p>So, before the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, when he helped many Gu Immortals undergo immortal ascension, he used the natural inspiration to ask for a rather intact blood skull Immortal Gu recipe.</p>
<p>Together with his deductions, he created a blood skull Immortal Gu recipe.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan easily refined blood skull Immortal Gu with this Immortal Gu recipe.</p>
<p>Like he expected, blood skull Immortal Gu’s effect was still to raise aptitude. Because it was an Immortal Gu, it was effective on Gu Immortals. The flaw was still the same requirement of killing blood-related kin. The higher the cultivation level of the Gu Immortal, the larger the number of people they needed to kill, they even had to kill Gu Immortal relatives!</p>
<p>As for blood qi Immortal Gu, it was also in Fang Yuan’s hands.</p>
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue obtained blood qi Immortal Gu true inheritance, and had transacted the Immortal Gu recipe with Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>After Demon Immortal Qi Jue died, Fang Yuan refined it.</p>
<p>Currently, it was only at rank six.</p>
<p>Besides this, Fang Yuan also had other blood path Immortal Gu. For instance, blood trace Gu and blood oath Gu.</p>
<p>These two blood path Immortal Gu were created by Eastern Sea’s blood path demonic immortals Ding Yan and Ding Qi. One was used for investigation, and the other could achieve the effect of information path.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan did not obtain these two Immortal Gu recipes from Ding Yan and Ding Qi, but he knew these two Immortal Gu were destroyed.</p>
<p>Using natural inspiration, he asked for complete Immortal Gu recipes, and adding on his own deductions, he refined them.</p>
<p>“I will be honest with you, Bai Zu. I have many blood path Immortal Gu.” Fang Yuan said.</p>
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu immediately praised: “Lord Fang Yuan is well-prepared and farsighted. As a refinement path venerable, you are the number one expert in refinement path in history. I am in deep admiration.”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan chuckled: “If you want to trade Immortal Gu, then exchange for it with the Primordial Domain extraction method.”</p>
<p>Before Heavenly Lord Bai Zu looked for Fang Yuan, he was instructed by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. Back then, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable told him about the Primordial Domain extraction method.</p>
<p>In Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s mind, Fang Yuan desired a method to retrieve the Primordial Domain. This was quite clear, just look at treasure yellow heaven, Fang Yuan’s portion of the Primordial Domain was still stored there.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had not taken it out even now, it could be judged that he had no way to extract it.</p>
<p>So, this method was the greatest bargaining chip to purchase the blood path Immortal Gu and could be made use of!</p>
<p>“As expected, Fang Yuan immediately mentioned the method to take out Primordial Domain, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable guessed correctly!” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was excited inwardly, his trepidation also disappeared for the most part.</p>
<p>He intentionally remained silent for a while before responding: “The Primordial Domain extraction method?”</p>
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu pretended to be in a difficult position.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan snorted coldly: “Don’t try any tricks, since you have been sent by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, didn’t he instruct you?”</p>
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s mind shook as he quickly corrected his attitude: “Lord Fang Yuan is wise and mighty, please forgive my impudence.”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan gave a light nod: “Then use the Primordial Domain extraction method to purchase one blood path Immortal Gu.”</p>
<p>“Wh... what?” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was shaken, Fang Yuan was so absurd and greedy that he did not even dare to believe those words.</p>
<p>“Lord Fang Yuan, I think the Primordial Domain extraction method is extremely valuable and can definitely be exchanged for ten blood path Immortal Gu.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu said quickly.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan sneered: “Hehe, you are actually so absurd and greedy, do you have no shame!”</p>
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu: “...”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan simply did not require any Primordial Domain extraction method, he was just teasing Heavenly Lord Bai Zu while refining advance refinement Gu.</p>
<p>Inside sovereign immortal aperture, tens of long rivers were flying in the sky.</p>
<p>Every river was filled with all kinds of immortal materials.</p>
<p>The river streams converged sometimes, and separated at other times.</p>
<p>To refine rank nine advance refinement Gu, Fang Yuan was mainly using the water refinement technique.</p>
<p>Rank eight water refinement Immortal Gu—one of the core Immortal Gu of Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool—had been activated since the start of the refinement.</p>
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu came to his senses and started to raise the price: “Lord Fang Yuan, you are clear of my sincerity. You also know that the Primordial Domain extraction method is extremely rare. This Primordial Domain extraction method is valuable to you, and it is what you need the most currently. Just ten blood path Immortal Gu are not of any significance to you. You are a refinement path venerable, isn’t it a simple matter to refine any Immortal Gu for you?”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan scoffed, his attitude turning cold quickly: “Back then, I transacted Primordial Domain with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, shouldn’t he have handed the Primordial Domain extraction method as well? Now, I can’t even take it out, I have yet to settle the accounts with him, but he is actually shameless enough to sell this thing? Could it be that I, a grand refinement path venerable, cannot deduce a rank nine refinement path killer move to handle the Primordial Domain as an immortal material and extract it?”</p>
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu quickly said: “Lord Fang Yuan, please quell your anger.”</p>
<p>“Shut up.” Fang Yuan continued, “Go tell Giant Sun this, I rushed to refine blood path Immortal Gu to intentionally make things difficult for him. He wants to dual cultivate blood path? Hehe, I will continue to refine even more blood path Immortal Gu ahead of him! Unless he hands over the Primordial Domain extraction method to me and shows me his sincerity.”</p>
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu did not dare to talk anymore. He heaved a sigh and contacted Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>After Giant Sun Immortal Venerable learned of the event, he immediately scolded: “That kid Fang Yuan is really arrogant, actually daring to threaten me. Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, you are also trash, showing such a cowering attitude! Don’t you know that you are negotiating with Fang Yuan as my representative?”</p>
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu could only say: “Lord Giant Sun, it is my mistake! I am not of Huang Jin bloodline and my ability is meager...”</p>
<p>“Alright.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable interrupted him, “It is because you are not of Huang Jin bloodline and have meager ability that I am giving these opportunities to you to temper yourself and increase your ability.”</p>
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu: “...”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable continued: “Continue to negotiate with Fang Yuan, the Primordial Domain extraction method... I won’t hand it over for free. Tell Fang Yuan that in the contest of three venerables, his progress is the slowest and he has the least immortal essence. Tell him to assess the situation, cooperating with me will give him great benefits and fill up the gap. A wise person should be aware of their situation.”</p>
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu asked: “If so, Lord Giant Sun, how many blood path Immortal Gu should I exchange the Primordial Domain extraction method for?”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was silent for a bit.</p>
<p>Hearing Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s words, Fang Yuan’s plan was to use his refinement path venerable foundation to deduce a rank nine killer move to extract Primordial Domain.</p>
<p>Although this method was time consuming, it was a feasible method indeed.</p>
<p>Thereupon, the Primordial Domain extraction method could not be priced too high.</p>
<p>But regarding the price, in Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s opinion, the higher the better.</p>
<p>In the end, he chided Heavenly Lord Bai Zu: “It will depend on your effort to see how many blood path Immortal Gu you can exchange for, and that will show your sincerity to Longevity Heaven. Go, I am watching your performance.”</p>
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu felt stifled under the enormous pressure. He contacted Fang Yuan once again.</p>
<p>Inside the sovereign immortal aperture, some issues emerged in the handling of refinement path immortal materials.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was carefully separating the rivers, while removing several of them.</p>
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu said with a smile: “Lord Fang Yuan, there is really no way to offer the Primordial Domain extraction method as a gift. But since you feel ten blood path Immortal Gu is too much, how about... eight?”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan did not have the mood to talk with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, he chided immediately: “Junior Bai Zu, how can I, a grand venerable, haggle with you? You think I am a mortal merchant?”</p>
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu cursed inwardly, while immediately saying: “I won’t dare to!”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan continued: “Let’s put aside the matter of the Primordial Domain extraction method. Since you want to purchase blood path Immortal Gu, offer more of the Primordial Domain.”</p>
<p>“This...”</p>
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu wanted to say something but was interrupted by Fang Yuan: “What are you standing dazedly for? Can you decide it? Why aren’t you returning to ask for instructions?”</p>
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s anger was soaring. He, a mighty rank eight Gu Immortal, had been turned into a messenger.</p>
<p>And the communicating parties happened to be venerables, he could not afford to offend them!</p>
<p>He could only swallow this grievance and look for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable again.</p>
<p>“This is indeed Fang Yuan, a guy with infinite greed.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable laughed.</p>
<p>He had a lot of the Primordial Domain. The Primordial Domain had little value to him, after all, he did not have the sovereign immortal body.</p>
<p>Currently, it was already Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s limit to cultivate luck path and blood path.</p>
<p>But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could use the Primordial Domain to cultivate his subordinates.</p>
<p>“It is not impossible to transact them with Fang Yuan...” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable pondered for a while before informing Heavenly Lord Bai Zu of this decision.</p>
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu contacted Fang Yuan once again.</p>
<p>“Lord Fang Yuan, lord?”</p>
<p>He tried to contact many times, but Fang Yuan simply ignored him.</p>
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu: “...”</p>
<p>At this moment, inside the sovereign immortal aperture, tens of rivers had merged, raising countless ripples.</p>
<p>A completely new advance refinement Gu rose from the vast river.</p>
<p>Advance Refinement had reached rank nine!</p>
    </body>
</html>