<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2310: Two Venerables Fight Against Fang Yuan</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2310: Two Venerables Fight Against Fang Yuan</h1>
        <p>Ever since Fang Yuan suddenly flew into spectral heaven, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had been paying close attention to this place.</p>
<p>When Fang Yuan and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable fought, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was happy at first. After all, the two venerables expending each other’s resources was most beneficial to him.</p>
<p>But shortly after, he was faintly worried about Fang Yuan not being able to withstand Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s attacks and getting defeated too early.</p>
<p>“If Fang Yuan can’t continue, I will help him a bit.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had been secretly preparing to help Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>He naturally did not have good intentions.</p>
<p>First, Fang Yuan being in a weaker position was not beneficial to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. As far as he was concerned, Heavenly Court was still the biggest enemy.</p>
<p>Second, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable still wanted Fang Yuan and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to continue wearing each other down, so he needed to help Fang Yuan to maintain the battle of attrition between the two venerables to gain the most benefits.</p>
<p>“I have Unified Essence Yi Qi Zi after all, my immortal essence can be replenished greatly. Consuming some immortal essence in battle is more detrimental for them!”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had this thought back then.</p>
<p>He was not wrong.</p>
<p>It was also very reasonable.</p>
<p>It was just that he did not know the truth.</p>
<p>He only possessed the information that he could obtain.</p>
<p>But soon, he was shocked to see that in the battle between Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Fang Yuan, it was Fang Yuan who had the upper hand!</p>
<p>He had not expected this.</p>
<p>After all, in his impression, Fang Yuan was behind on refining dao marks, although he had potential, his immortal essence reserve was the worst.</p>
<p>How could he gain the upper hand?</p>
<p>He even made Star Constellation Immortal Venerable take the initiative to ask for help from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable!</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had witnessed the whole fight, after the surprise, he felt that it made sense.</p>
<p>Shocking Departure of Year Dream Wave and Dang Hun Sound left an extremely deep impression on him.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan used Dang Hun Mountain as the core to create such a powerful killer move that destroyed Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s incomplete combat system.</p>
<p>It made sense for Fang Yuan to be victorious.</p>
<p>When Shocking Departure of Year Dream Wave and Dang Hun Sound showed its might, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was actually not too anxious, instead, he became a little relieved and no longer felt such an urge to probe Fang Yuan’s foundation.</p>
<p>The reason?</p>
<p>Fang Yuan lacked immortal essence and was the slowest one at refining natural dao marks, what did he spend the rest of his time on?</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable understood now.</p>
<p>“So he used his time to deduce killer moves.”</p>
<p>This was a rather correct choice in Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s opinion.</p>
<p>He was even more at ease because the killer move used a secluded domain of heaven and earth as the core.</p>
<p>“Looks like Fang Yuan does not have a rank nine Immortal Gu, so he used a secluded domain of heaven and earth to create a quasi-rank nine killer move.”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could not help feeling envious.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had the most number of secluded domains of heaven and earth, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable also had several, but he, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, only had one and it was incomplete.</p>
<p>He really wanted to have a complete secluded domain of heaven and earth!</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was observing the battle quietly, when he saw Fang Yuan gaining the upper hand with Shocking Departure of Year Dream Wave and Dang Hun Sound killer move, his mind turned calm. However, when he saw Fang Yuan withstanding Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s Mental Domain’s killer move, he could no longer sit still.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable already expected Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to use a wisdom path killer move with Mental Domain as the core.</p>
<p>But he never expected Fang Yuan to have a defensive method that could block this Mental Domain’s killer move!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal already made Giant Sun Immortal Venerable feel a headache, he had racked his brains to secretly deduce a luck path method to counter it. But he did not think Fang Yuan was still hiding another defensive method that was even stronger than reverse flow protection seal.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s performance went beyond Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s expectations.</p>
<p>Now, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was wary.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could not break Fang Yuan’s defensive method, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was the same!</p>
<p>“I did not think that you, Fang Yuan, has such deep attainment in wisdom path as well. In just a short period of time, you actually created, deduced, and modified so many killer moves.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable entered the battlefield and praised Fang Yuan sincerely.</p>
<p>This was actually nothing.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan possessed stealing heavenly secret and wisdom Gu, and with sovereign immortal body’s advantage, it was easy to create compound killer moves. Just one of these advantages alone could make the other venerables envious. Now that these advantages were stacked together, even Fang Yuan felt it was terrifying!</p>
<p>Shocking Departure of Year Dream Wave and Dang Hun Sound and heavenly web protection veil were only a part of Fang Yuan’s recent gains.</p>
<p>He chose to use them because he felt they suited the situation.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had at least ten killer moves of similar level.</p>
<p>The power of stealing heavenly secret could be seen from this; of course, rank eight wisdom Gu also provided a lot of help.</p>
<p>It was because of these two that Fang Yuan caught up from behind in terms of killer moves. He even had a wide range of options to choose from.</p>
<p>Naturally, nothing could be perceived from Fang Yuan’s expression.</p>
<p>Facing Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, he frowned and snorted coldly: ”I must obtain these heaven path dream realms, Giant Sun, you also want to block me? Are you still not clear of who is stronger between Heavenly Court and me?”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s looked at Fang Yuan’s incisive gaze, his expression eased and turned somewhat complex.</p>
<p>In his view, compared to Heavenly Court and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, Fang Yuan was still weaker.</p>
<p>The reason?</p>
<p>Fang Yuan did not have enough immortal essence!</p>
<p>He had been venerable for the shortest time and did not even have his own base. How many natural refinement path dao marks did he refine in this period of time?</p>
<p>It was very obvious.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan looked powerful, even suppressing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. But in fact, he was relying on the novelty of new killer moves and their powerful strength.</p>
<p>How much immortal essence could he have?</p>
<p>How could he fight a battle of attrition?</p>
<p>From what Giant Sun Immortal Venerable thought, Fang Yuan’s situation did not look good.</p>
<p>But even though Fang Yuan was weaker, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable still needed to stop Fang Yuan and stand with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable for the time being.</p>
<p>The reason?</p>
<p>Because Fang Yuan wanted heaven path dream realms.</p>
<p>This could not be allowed!</p>
<p>If Fang Yuan absorbed all these heaven path dream realms, he would definitely rise in power and change the power structure of the venerables.</p>
<p>This was something that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not want to see.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable felt Heavenly Court and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable were his greatest threats, but he also wanted to suppress the rise of Fang Yuan who was the weakest venerable but had the most potential.</p>
<p>Thus, he took part in the battle. On the surface, he was helping Star Constellation Immortal Venerable; but secretly, he was striving for Star Constellation and Fang Yuan to expend their immortal essence, so that he could maintain and enlarge his advantage!</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s choice was no doubt extremely sensible from his point of view.</p>
<p>With his help, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable immediately changed the battle situation and began to suppress Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>The environment in spectral heaven was not helpful to the three venerables, they relied on their own foundation and strength. Under this situation, Fang Yuan’s worsening situation was immediately clear.</p>
<p>After all, he was fighting two opponents on his own.</p>
<p>Naturally, this was under the condition where Fang Yuan preserved most of his methods and did not use his full battle strength.</p>
<p>The fight of the three venerables shook heaven and earth.</p>
<p>Every Gu Immortal in five regions raised their heads and watched the battle nervously.</p>
<p>“Oh no, Lord Alliance Leader’s situation is not good.”</p>
<p>“Good, good, good, this demon Fang Yuan will finally face retribution!”</p>
<p>“I did not expect my Ancestor Giant Sun to join hands with Heavenly Court.”</p>
<p>“Heavenly Court is quite sensible to not look for trouble with my Ancestor Giant Sun.”</p>
<p>“Being able to make Giant Sun Immortal Venerable help her so easily proves Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable is indeed the number one person in wisdom path.”</p>
<p>Rank eight Gu Immortals understood the situation more clearly, they saw Fang Yuan being suppressed and his situation getting worse. The Eastern Sea immortals looked extremely solemn while Central Continent and Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals were rejoicing with raised morale.</p>
<p>Thunder rumbled and countless rays of light exploded from the collision of killer moves.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s situation did not look good but he was calm inwardly.</p>
<p>Although the two venerables allied, due to their conflicting paths, they could only attack Fang Yuan in turns.</p>
<p>Moreover, the two venerables were wary of each other, one would not allow the other to set a battlefield.</p>
<p>Without the threat of a battlefield killer move, Fang Yuan still had a grasp over the choice of fighting or retreating.</p>
<p>More importantly, Meng Qiu Zhen was already in a heaven path dream realm and was making good progress.</p>
<p>Because of the sharing of the clones’ and main body’s attainment levels, Fang Yuan could clearly feel his heaven path attainment level rising slowly!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan just needed to maintain this situation and it would do.</p>
<p>What was the use of superficial victory or defeat?</p>
<p>Man strives for recognition while Buddha requires incense; this was a reasonable proverb. But Fang Yuan was far beyond the age of fighting for recognition and he was more willing to strive for benefits.</p>
<p>If the choice of honor and benefit went against each other, Fang Yuan would unhesitatingly choose the latter.</p>
<p>It was this situation right now.</p>
<p>He could be forceful and suppress the two venerables. But what was the use when he would not be able to kill them?</p>
<p>Instead, it would make the two venerables wary and deepen their alliance. Was this not asking for trouble?</p>
<p>As for the support and morale of the five regions’ Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan did not care.</p>
<p>What was the use of that?</p>
<p>Even if Fang Yuan was defeated miserably today, the five regions’ Gu Immortals still could not defeat him. They still had to fear and revere Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>As long as Fang Yuan was not dead, could Fang clan, the two heavens’ grotto-heavens’ variant humans, or even the Eastern Sea super forces side with someone else?</p>
<p>They still had to follow Fang Yuan!</p>
<p>It was just that they would be more worried about their future.</p>
<p>But what did the worries of these minor characters have to do with Fang Yuan?</p>
<p>Fang Yuan did not need to bother with such things.</p>
<p>There were no two ways about it, these minor characters were only resources and tools in Fang Yuan’s eyes. The Gu cultivation world was ruled by the strong, the actual trend of the world still depended on the fight between venerables.</p>
<p>Even if Fang Yuan was defeated, as long as Meng Qiu Zhen made huge gains, he would be the biggest winner. The loss could be considered a victory.</p>
<p>Even if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable beat Fang Yuan badly, as long as Fang Yuan lived and absorbed all the heaven path dream realms, their victory would be the same as defeat.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan knew this, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was aware of it as well.</p>
<p>The alliance of the two venerables could not make Fang Yuan retreat, he was still absorbing the true meaning in the heaven path dream realms.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was truly anxious.</p>
<p>She transmitted her voice to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable: ”Giant Sun, if this continues, Heaven Refining Demon Venerable will succeed. What are you still holding back for?”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable snorted coldly: ”Star Constellation, are you telling me that you are not holding back?”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had a solemn expression: ”I am going to prepare a killer move to search for Fang Yuan’s dream path clone and try to eradicate it!”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable took a deep look at her before nodding: ”Then I will target Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal and pressure him in order to create a chance for you.”</p>
    </body>
</html>