<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2043: Dragon Palace Escapes</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2043: Dragon Palace Escapes</h1>
        
        <p>"Qi Sea Ancestor, how is the situation over there?" Amidst intense battle, Fang Yuan's clone Qi Sea received Qin Ding Ling's transmission.</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor did not speak, he recorded the scene of the battle using an information path Gu worm and sold it to Qin Ding Ling in treasure yellow heaven.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court soon gained an understanding of the battle situation.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling was slightly shocked internally, Spectral Soul's strength far surpassed her initial estimations, it seemed like Qi Sea Ancestor could not restrain Spectral Soul, at this rate, Spectral Soul might likely kill Fang Yuan and defeat Qi Sea, he would also absorb Qing Chou, he would be the greatest winner in this clash!</p> 
<p>This was something Qin Ding Ling did not want to see.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and Spectral Soul were supreme demons, it would be great if they both perished, the best scenario would be Longevity Heaven going down with them! That was the result Qin Ding Ling most wanted to see.</p> 
<p>"We have our Immortal Gu House, if we join the fight, we can cause some changes to it. Even though Qing Chou is strong, it is a mistake to use it against Spectral Soul. Looking at Spectral Soul's actions, it seems that he is sure that Fang Yuan is inside Dragon Palace. Then has Fairy Zi Wei already succeeded in her deductions and informed Spectral Soul?"</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling guessed the truth but she was not certain.</p> 
<p>She looked at the operating wisdom path formation and Calamity Luck Altar beside it.</p> 
<p>If Heavenly Court could exterminate Fairy Zi Wei and the rest, that would be the best. Clipping Spectral Soul's wings prematurely would result in fewer variables in this battle. It was a pity that Calamity Luck Altar was here, most of Longevity Heaven's experts came along with it, Qin Ding Ling was not confident of taking down Fairy Zi Wei at this moment.</p> 
<p>"Longevity Heaven..." Qin Ding Ling gritted her teeth.</p> 
<p>Among the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals present, she hated Longevity Heaven most deeply. Back then, she was forced to become Giant Sun's immortal concubine. She endured this humiliation and successfully switched to cultivating luck path, she eventually participated in the fate war. But at the crucial moment, Giant Sun immortal zombie's attack tilted the balance of the final battle in his favor.</p> 
<p>"Longevity Heaven, I will settle the scores with you one day!" Qin Ding Ling swore in her heart.</p> 
<p>Right when Qin Ding Ling was thinking, a rank seven Immortal Gu House flew over.</p> 
<p>This Immortal Gu House was owned by Spirit Affinity House, the first supreme elder and second supreme elder were inside it as they brought along an important person, Feng Jin Huang.</p> 
<p>"Feng Jin Huang, quickly retrieve the dream realms before us." Qin Ding Ling ordered.</p> 
<p>"Yes." The door of the Immortal Gu House opened as Feng Jin Huang stood on the steps, quickly using her method with a solemn expression.</p> 
<p>She had dream wings Immortal Gu and the modified pure dream reality seeker transformation. In fact, this killer move was created by Fairy Zi Wei's deductions.</p> 
<p>As dream realms turned into human form, they flew into Spirit Affinity House's Immortal Gu House.</p> 
<p>Shadow Sect and Longevity Heaven were stirred.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei's eyes shined with brilliance.</p> 
<p>Old Man Zheng Yuan quickly asked: "Fairy, do we take action?"</p> 
<p>After all, these dream realms belonged by Spectral Soul, his attainment levels were inside them.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei shook her head: "We will wait for now, these dream realms are just a small portion, they are not important. Fang Yuan is our main priority!"</p> 
<p>At the moment, Spectral Soul's side had a clear advantage. At this rate of development, Shadow Sect was greatly favored. Fairy Zi Wei did not want to upset the balance now and disrupt the overall situation.</p> 
<p>Feng Jin Huang was just a rank five Gu Master, she was not even a rank six Gu Immortal. But her status was quite unique, she was Feng Jiu Ge's daughter!</p> 
<p>If anyone attacked her, it might cause Feng Jiu Ge to come.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge's future self had likely disappeared, similar to Hei Lou Lan and Bai Ning Bing. But even so, with Feng Jiu Ge's own strength, he could participate in this fight, he was an uncertain variable.</p> 
<p>Especially when this variable was not favorable for Shadow Sect, Fairy Zi Wei wanted to have less problems if possible.</p> 
<p>Calamity Luck Altar's Bing Sai Chuan had the same thought, he did not make a move in the end.</p> 
<p>Feng Jin Huang was heavily protected by Heavenly Court's immortals as she gradually collected the dream realms.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling had a complex emotion.</p> 
<p>She eventually made this move, using Feng Jin Huang and thus, Feng Jiu Ge indirectly to intimidate their opponents. Since when did the great Heavenly Court fall to such a level?</p> 
<p>The pride in Qin Ding Ling's heart pressured her, but the logic in her mind told her to use all of the resources and influences they could gather!</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor transmitted information again, requesting for Heavenly Court's reinforcement.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling rejected his request politely, asking him to persevere some more time.</p> 
<p>Thus, Qi Sea Ancestor changed his request: "Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range is closest to Black Heaven Temple, why don't you ask them to send an Immortal Gu House to patrol the periphery of the battlefield. If I am unable to stop Spectral Soul from killing Fang Yuan, we can still rely on Black Heaven Temple."</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling thought about it but did not tell Qi Sea Ancestor about her orders to Black Heaven Temple, she rejected: "Black Heaven Temple is not strong enough to participate in this battle."</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor replied angrily: "This is a prime opportunity! If Heavenly Court hesitates and loses the chance, either one of these two demons getting stronger will be a problem for the righteous path."</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling sighed: "Why wouldn't I know that? But Heavenly Court is not as before, we need to act cautiously. If we send Black Heaven Temple's Gu Immortals there, they would only die in vain. Please understand our plight!"</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor felt a little dejected. Since Heavenly Court's leader openly spoke of their weakness, they were really not the Heavenly Court of before, their style of action changed, Fang Yuan could not make use of them easily anymore.</p> 
<p>While Qin Ding Ling and Qi Sea Ancestor spoke secretly, Demon Immortal Qi Jue was also asking Spectral Soul: "Fang Yuan's main body is here, why aren't you coming here?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan placed his will in Myriad Year Flying Warship, he also left behind Immortal Gu and immortal essence, under the effect of familiar face killer move, he could disguise his will very well.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue told Spectral Soul about this but the latter continued to fight Dragon Palace, not showing signs of leaving. This made Demon Immortal Qi Jue quite suspicious.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul directly replied: "Don't forget about Fang Yuan's familiar face. We cannot be sure of his location."</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue became increasingly suspicious: "Spectral Soul, are you hiding something from me?"</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul replied: "Don't worry, just continue restraining Myriad Year Flying Warship, you will get your due remuneration."</p> 
<p>But Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not fall for it, he smiled coldly: "Don't worry indeed, I have a brilliant plan to find out which is Fang Yuan's main body."</p> 
<p>Saying so, he suddenly stopped dealing with Myriad Year Flying Warship as he flew towards Spectral Soul's direction.</p> 
<p>Myriad Year Flying Warship was stunned for a moment before quickly pulling away from Demon Immortal Qi Jue.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul sensed something amiss, he quickly transmitted: "Qi Jue, don't do anything foolish."</p> 
<p>But Demon Immortal Qi Jue was firm: "Sometimes, we need to take a chance right? Or maybe, you can tell me the information that you just obtained?"</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul snorted but did not reply.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue turned silent as he flew into the sky with an increased speed.</p> 
<p>In a few breaths of time, Myriad Year Flying Warship appeared behind him again.</p> 
<p>Seeing this, Demon Immortal Qi Jue laughed loudly: "Oh Spectral Soul, look, I found out the truth already. I can be certain that Fang Yuan's main body is inside Dragon Palace now!"</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan's main body was inside Myriad Year Flying Warship, he would have flown away already. But now, Myriad Year Flying Warship returned to stall Demon Immortal Qi Jue, it showed that Fang Yuan's main body was unwilling to see Spectral Soul gain reinforcements, he had to stop Demon Immortal Qi Jue from leaving.</p> 
<p>At this moment, Fang Yuan's plan to deceive his enemies by splitting up has failed completely.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue was a famous demon in history, his seniority was higher than everyone here, including Spectral Soul.</p> 
<p>After sensing something wrong, he quickly tested his method to find out the truth.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul snorted coldly, showing displeasure. With Demon Immortal Qi Jue's move, the situation got out of Spectral Soul's control.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul was just using Qi Jue by promising benefits, they were wary of each other in essence, their relationship was merely because of mutual gains. The reason why Spectral Soul did not want Demon Immortal Qi Jue to come over was because this uncertain variable could possibly get greedy and fight with him over the immense benefits of killing Fang Yuan!</p> 
<p>Right now, from Demon Immortal Qi Jue's actions, it showed that Spectral Soul's worries were well justified. Demon Immortal Qi Jue definitely had his own ideas.</p> 
<p>But Spectral Soul did not fluster.</p> 
<p>Back when he lured Demon Immortal Qi Jue to join the battle, he had already thought of this. But there was no helping it, Spectral Soul had just regained his strength, Shadow Sect was still very weak. Because of the many variables in this battle, Spectral Soul had to increase the strength of his side, it was thanks to Fairy Zi Wei communicating with Longevity Heaven earlier, to rope them in with Shadow Sect temporarily, otherwise the situation would have been even more chaotic.</p> 
<p>Did Bing Sai Chuan had no such intentions either? Was he really going to watch Spectral Soul kill Fang Yuan like that?</p> 
<p>Of course not.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei was a wisdom path great expert, she had deep considerations. She created the formation in front of Heavenly Court, it was to restrain them as well as Longevity Heaven.</p> 
<p>This battle to kill Fang Yuan was not as grand as the fate war but it involved four parties, tens of Gu Immortals, and almost all of the peak experts in the current world.</p> 
<p>These people plotted against each other and schemed deeply, Spectral Soul could sense acutely that his control over the situation was slipping.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Qi Wall!</p> 
<p>During the intense battle, Qi Sea Ancestor pushed with both hands as a colossal qi wall formed instantly.</p> 
<p>The qi wall was like a mountain as it pressed towards Spectral Soul.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul pointed with his fingers as several immemorial soul beasts appeared, growling as they blocked the qi wall.</p> 
<p>But Qi Sea Ancestor shouted suddenly as he raised his right fist, he spread out his fingers as his palm targeted Spectral Soul from afar.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul seemed to have sensed something as black smoke appeared around him in a ball shape, shielding him.</p> 
<p>The moment Qi Sea Ancestor's killer move was ready, he moved his palm away and targeted the black smoke spiral instead.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Great Qi Hand Explosion!</p> 
<p>Bam.</p> 
<p>Following an intense explosion, the black smoke spiral was completely torn apart as black qi flew all over the place. Dragon Palace which was greatly damaged moved quickly as it drew a golden trail of light in the sky, rapidly escaping!</p> 
<p>At this point in the battle, Dragon Palace finally broke free.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul's attention was drawn by Demon Immortal Qi Jue, Qi Sea Ancestor found this small loophole and quickly made use of his opportunity with some luck.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul looked at Qi Sea Ancestor deeply, other than intense anger and killing intent, there was also praise and admiration in his gaze.</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor had made a brilliant move!</p> 
<p>Now that Dragon Palace had escaped, Spectral Soul had to keep up with it, he had to abandon the heavy Qing Chou.</p> 
<p>It was such a pity! Spectral Soul was only a bit of time away from completely subduing Qing Chou.</p>
    </body>
</html>
