<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1984: Wu Shuai&apos;s Political Skills</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1984: Wu Shuai&apos;s Political Skills</h1>
        
        <p>Facing Wu Shuai's aggressive stance, the Gu Immortals of the two heavens lowered their heads, they did not dare to look at him directly.</p> 
<p>Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch saw this, he cheered internally, Wu Shuai's actions would cause him to lose the support of everyone. However, he also felt envious, when would he gain such huge battle strength to make everyone lower their heads in front of him?</p> 
<p>After a while of silence, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch stood up at an appropriate timing, saying respectfully: "Lord Alliance Leader, dear allies, the most important thing now is to go after the remaining Xia clan members. Most of Xia clan's Gu Immortals have escaped using Whale Fishing Boat, if we do not chase them now, it will be too late."</p> 
<p>"Yes, yes." The immortals nodded, they started discussing this topic.</p> 
<p>Many people casted gazes of gratitude towards Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, his words had undeniably given them a way to escape the embarrassment.</p> 
<p>"Haha." Wu Shuai laughed loudly: "Chase? Why must we chase them?"</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai continued: "We were able to take down the headquarters of Eastern Sea's Xia clan, it was because we acted quickly and caught them off guard. From now, it will be difficult if we want to expand our territory. The whole of Eastern Sea and even the righteous paths of the five regions will become very cautious now."</p> 
<p>"But if we allow this group of Xia clan Gu Immortals to escape, they will invite members of Eastern Sea's righteous path to try to recover their territory."</p> 
<p>"This way, those Eastern Sea righteous path members will need to leave their territories and come here to seek death. Isn't that great?"</p> 
<p>The immortals were stunned, they nodded in unison, agreeing that Wu Shuai's analysis was sound.</p> 
<p>"Lord Alliance Leader is very knowledgeable, it is natural that we cannot compare to him." Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch ingratiated.</p> 
<p>But Wu Shuai had a grim expression: "I don't care about all of these Eastern Sea super forces! There is only one person I am wary about, Qi Sea Ancestor."</p> 
<p>"This old man can fight evenly with Duke Long, he had once held the qi sea banquet, he also did not help Fang Yuan nor Heavenly Court during the fate war. His stance is very important now!"</p> 
<p>"It is likely that the righteous path will convince him now to fight against us. Of course, it is not strange if he chooses to continue staying in seclusion and not face us."</p> 
<p>"I let these Xia clan members go, I am also trying to probe Qi Sea Ancestor's intentions."</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortals of the two heavens heard Wu Shuai's words, they nodded as their expressions turned dark.</p> 
<p>Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch took a glance at Wu Shuai, he thought: "Wu Shuai is Wu Shuai after all, he cannot be underestimated. He has both wisdom and political skills, it is just that he does not feel the need to use tricks against us."</p> 
<p>But he quickly thought: "Qi Sea Ancestor's attitude is very ambiguous. He had once worked with Fang Yuan and went against Duke Long, but later they reconciled. On the other hand, he also held the qi sea banquet, he welcomed Heavenly Court's Gu Immortal Jun Shen Guang, while also letting a demonic Gu Immortal sell blood path Immortal Gu in public."</p> 
<p>"Alright." Wu Shuai waved his hand, breaking the immortals' train of thought: "We chased Xia clan away, it is time to split the loot."</p> 
<p>Thus, the atmosphere changed instantly, everyone got excited.</p> 
<p>Eastern Sea was the richest of the five regions, as an Eastern Sea super force, Xia clan had ownership of many resource points, their inventory was filled.</p> 
<p>These assets of Xia clan were split up by Fang Yuan and given to the Gu Immortals, each of them gained a considerable sum of wealth.</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortals of the two heavens smiled, they felt extremely happy.</p> 
<p>"The five regions are so rich!"</p> 
<p>"This is merely the foundation of one Eastern Sea super force, it is already so much."</p> 
<p>"Xia clan is useless! If my grotto-heaven had such resources, we would be far stronger than now."</p> 
<p>And what surprised the Gu Immortals of the two heavens was that Wu Shuai took a much smaller portion of the gains that they had expected.</p> 
<p>Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch had a change of thought, he quickly said to the surrounding Gu Immortals: "Everyone, listen to me. We gained so much loot because of Lord Alliance Leader. He was the one who guided us towards victory. Without his information and plan, how could we take down Xia clan so easily? But currently, Lord Alliance Leader is taking the smallest portion of loot, this is not fair to him."</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortals were stunned, they looked at Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch.</p> 
<p>Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch had a look of sincerity and admiration.</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai looked at Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch deeply in the eye: "I am a lone person, I do not need much in cultivation resources, nor do these resources suit me. If I need anything in the future, I will definitely take them. Since I have distributed this loot already, I will not take them back, but Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, your words reminded me of something."</p> 
<p>"Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch." Wu Shuai spoke.</p> 
<p>"This subordinate is here." Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch cupped his fists, showing a respectful attitude.</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai smiled: "You are quite good."</p> 
<p>Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch quickly bowed: "To receive such compliments from Lord Alliance Leader, it is my greatest blessing!"</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai nodded: "Of course, my leadership is the greatest blessing that all of you have. As for you, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, as the vice alliance leader, you should not get the same amount of loot as the rest of the allies. I will make the decision, shooting fish sea will belong to you now."</p> 
<p>"Lord Alliance Leader?" Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch quickly raised his head, feeling shocked.</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai laughed: "I said you'll get it, just take ownership of it. Don't worry! I am here to back you up. If anyone dares to make problems for you, if you dislike anyone, just tell me, I will take care of them!"</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai said this as he looked around, his dragon eyes emitting an aggressive light. The Gu Immortals all turned away, not daring to meet his gaze.</p> 
<p>Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch obtained a giant resource point but he felt no joy internally.</p> 
<p>He looked at Wu Shuai, seeing that seemingly smiling face, he could not help but shudder in a chill.</p> 
<p>"As expected of the dragonman who once ruled his race, I underestimated him! This old monster must have realized my intentions." Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch noticed this, his back was covered in cold sweat.</p> 
<p>He wanted to cause Wu Shuai to lose even more support from the rest of the people. But Wu Shuai had made use of his action and acted this way, it made all the other Gu Immortals feel that Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was not happy with his gains, he wanted to use his status and the alliance leader's dominance to gain more benefits.</p> 
<p>After all, if the alliance leader gets more benefits, wouldn't it be logical if the vice alliance leader also got more loot?</p> 
<p>"Hmm? Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, you are not thanking me?" Wu Shuai stared at Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, showing a smile filled with deep meaning.</p> 
<p>Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch shuddered in his heart as he gritted his teeth and said with a hoarse voice: "This subordinate thanks Lord Alliance Leader."</p> 
<p>Seeing that he had submitted, Wu Shuai did not feel any happiness, he was actually quite disappointed.</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortals of the two heavens had been in seclusion for too long, due to their identities, they did not dare to move around or compete against each other.</p> 
<p>Without competition, they could not be trained well. Even if heaven's will helped them, Gu Immortal elites could not be nurtured.</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai looked at the Gu Immortals of the two heavens, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was the only one with passable battle strength and attitude. The rest of the rank eights were simply a disgrace to other rank eight Gu Immortals!</p> 
<p>It was no wonder that in Fang Yuan's previous life, these people did not manage to create any big commotions.</p>
    </body>
</html>
