<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2320: Like It Was Nothing!</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2320: Like It Was Nothing!</h1>
        <p>The battle over the heaven path dream realms was started by Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>In this battle, Fang Yuan revealed new killer moves like Arrival of Dragon Snake with Dust Fog and Explosive Soul Wind, Shocking Departure of Year Dream Wave and Dang Hun Sound, and heavenly ghost concealment.</p>
<p>Seven kills rainbow, sword tongue dragon soul, and other killer moves were greatly improved, and there were also obscured heavenly secret and heavenly web protection veil that was supporting Fang Yuan secretly.</p>
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan gained the upper hand in the battle, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had no choice but to join hands to match him.</p>
<p>However, because Fang Yuan needed to protect Meng Qiu Zhen, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable who had chaotic intent dispels dream killer move gradually gained the initiative.</p>
<p>At the same time, Fang Yuan’s strength made Giant Sun Immortal Venerable wary. No matter how Fang Yuan tried to persuade him, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was firm on stopping Fang Yuan from obtaining the heaven path dream realms.</p>
<p>As a result, Fang Yuan ordered his subordinates to attack Central Continent’s important areas to harass Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable saw through Fang Yuan’s plan and did not return to defend Central Continent.</p>
<p>To continue hiding his strength and pretend to have a shortage of immortal essence, Fang Yuan angered Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and lured him into battle. He used heavenly ghost concealment killer move to become half an alliance mate of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s scheme succeeded!</p>
<p>Because of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable disrupting the situation, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable were not able to emit enough pressure on Fang Yuan. But conversely, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was continued to be interrupted by Fang Yuan and had no more opportunities to harm Meng Qiu Zhen. Even when Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used two powerful human path killer moves, it was hard to change the battle situation.</p>
<p>The battle situation was in a stalemate, and as time passed, heaven path dream realms annexed each other and were mostly absorbed by Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s gains in this battle far surpassed Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>On the contrary, among the two venerables; one lost his eldest son and rank nine light Gu while the other’s painstakingly created the star array calculation formation was almost destroyed, over ten Central Continent Gu Immortals were killed and even Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were in a dangerous situation.</p>
<p>This made Star Constellation Immortal Venerable come to a complete realization, Fang Yuan had won a huge victory in this battle. No matter how miserable he looked now, he was the person who reaped the most benefits!</p>
<p>“Whether Fang Yuan still has trump cards or not, or if he really lacks immortal essence, at the end of it, the crucial factor of this battle was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable looked at the heavily injured Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, she was reluctant, furious, and also helpless.</p>
<p>Since long ago, she had wanted to get rid of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable but never succeeded.</p>
<p>There was a good opportunity before but Fang Yuan disturbed them. It was mainly thanks to Fang Yuan that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable could still stay alive.</p>
<p>In this battle, Fang Yuan used Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to obtain huge gains, this proved how far-sighted he was.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s injuries were mostly received in place of Fang Yuan. He had less than one thousand arms left, his enormous body had shrunk by sixty percent, and even his roar sounded hoarse and soft.</p>
<p>“Maybe, this is a chance to get rid of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had this thought.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was a huge obstruction.</p>
<p>Although Star Constellation Immortal Venerable controlled Spectral Soul Demon Venerable before, she was much clearer than others that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable who was filled with heaven’s will could not longer be controlled by her.</p>
<p>Sometimes, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable admired Fang Yuan’s craftiness and sinisterness. He was able to successfully turn Spectral Soul Demon Venerable into half an alliance mate.</p>
<p>Although Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had lost his senses, under Fang Yuan’s heavenly ghost concealment killer move, he was even more dependable than ordinary alliance mates and was also easier to be made use of.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable then looked at Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Although the two venerables had allied, there was always deep vigilance between Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and her.</p>
<p>Looking back at this battle, even though Giant Sun Immortal Venerable used his full strength, it was of little effect on Fang Yuan, it instead cost Central Continent a lot.</p>
<p>The comparison showed a stark contrast.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would rather have the irrational Spectral Soul Demon Venerable as her alliance mate than be allies with a sane Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>But if she wanted to get rid of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable now, she still had to get Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s help.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable immediately transmitted her voice: ”Giant Sun, there is no need to care about Fang Yuan now. Let’s join hands to get rid of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable! As you can see from the current situation, we cannot let this venerable continue living.”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable deeply agreed with these words!</p>
<p>He felt that they were not able to deal with Fang Yuan mainly because of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. These two’s combination truly gave him a headache.</p>
<p>Naturally, Fang Yuan could ’ally’ with Spectral Soul Demon Venerable because of heavenly ghost concealment killer move. As long as this move was broken, it was the same as breaking the alliance between Fang Yuan and Spectral Soul.</p>
<p>But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was also aware that even if he broke it this time, Fang Yuan could continue to modify it.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was a refinement path venerable, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not think highly of his modification abilities before. But after this battle, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable who was baptized by killer moves like Shocking Departure of Year Dream Wave and Dang Hun Sound and Arrival of Dragon Snake with Dust Fog and Explosive Soul Wind changed his perception fully.</p>
<p>Right now, in his opinion, Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment was already above him. Even when looking at all the venerables, besides Limitless Demon Venerable, Fang Yuan was right below Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!</p>
<p>So, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not want to play the pointless game of unraveling, modifying, then unraveling again before modifying again with Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>“It is a good idea indeed to kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable! We can end this problem once and for all, Fang Yuan will have no alliance mate left.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable transmitted his reply to Star Constellation.</p>
<p>“Moreover, Fang Yuan lacks immortal essence right now, but we are different. It will be much more difficult for him to protect Spectral Soul Demon Venerable now. If he exhausts all his strength to protect the latter, he may land in a predicament with just a slight carelessness. At that time, we can then target him and even create an opportunity to behead this Heaven Refining Demon Venerable!”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was not as optimistic as Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, she replied: ”Fang Yuan will never throw himself in a predicament to protect Spectral Soul.”</p>
<p>The two venerables reached a consensus and focused all their attacks on Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>“They made this decision indeed.” Fang Yuan revealed a troubled expression but was getting increasingly excited inwardly.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable fought fiercely with the two venerables, and with Fang Yuan’s help from the side, both sides would suffer.</p>
<p>But in the end, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable would probably die.</p>
<p>After all, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was filled with heaven’s will. He did not have any sanity and used immortal killer moves randomly, it was really too much of a disadvantage.</p>
<p>But like this, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would also be weakened greatly.</p>
<p>This was a great opportunity to get rid of two venerables!</p>
<p>As long as they did not escape to their headquarters, Fang Yuan had certainty to kill one of them with his full strength.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable wanted to kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable but Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was thinking of a chance to get rid of Fang Yuan while Fang Yuan was also plotting to get rid of the two.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was attacked by the full strength of the two venerables, his injuries continued to become more severe. Many of his large black arms were broken, leaving behind only two-three hundred.</p>
<p>“Go!” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable suddenly threw a golden meteor.</p>
<p>The meteor struck Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and destroyed one of his heads.</p>
<p>Out of his three heads, only one remained now. He was forced into a desperate situation with danger everywhere around him but Fang Yuan still attacked steadily, deliberately maintaining the frequency of his attacks.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable roared furiously, a large blue fire burned on his body.</p>
<p>But this fire was not burning hot, instead, it let out a strong chill.</p>
<p>The temperature dropped rapidly.</p>
<p>Rank nine fire Gu finally could not sit still, it felt the danger to its host’s life and finally used its strength!</p>
<p>It was rank nine after all, all three venerables retreated, even Fang Yuan who had heavenly ghost concealment was the same.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan relied on this killer move to deceive Spectral Soul Demon Venerable but he could not deceive rank nine fire Gu. After all, it was a Gu worm and not a soul beast.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable remained still. The blue fire quickly spread, forcing the three venerables to continue retreating.</p>
<p>The fire expanded towards the heaven path dream realms. The dream realms shrunk rapidly and were actually being burned!</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with a sharp light as he thought: “&lt;&lt;The Legends of Ren Zu&gt;&gt; stated that dream realms are restrained by fire Gu, looks like it is true.”</p>
<p>He felt that it was a pity.</p>
<p>While fighting with the venerables, his heaven path attainment level had already advanced from grandmaster to great grandmaster level.</p>
<p>Moreover, he had not just stepped into great grandmaster, his accumulation was already deep and robust.</p>
<p>If Fang Yuan absorbed all of the heaven path dream realms here, he might even be able to advance to supreme grandmaster level. Even if he could not, he had a high possibility of becoming a quasi-supreme grandmaster.</p>
<p>However, most of the remaining heaven path dream realms were destroyed by fire Gu.</p>
<p>“This is an opportunity, Giant Sun!” Looking at this scene, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable started preparing chaotic intent dispels dream killer move.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not protect Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, instead, charging towards the heaven path dream realms.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan immediately fell into a dilemma of advancing or retreating!</p>
<p>Within the spark of a moment, he made a decision, he gave up on Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and pounced upon Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was blocked by Fang Yuan, the two venerables fought fiercely.</p>
<p>In this process, the heaven path dream realms were burned by the fire, there was almost none left. Be it Fairy Zi Wei, Ying Wu Xie or Meng Qiu Zhen, they were all burning!</p>
<p>While Fang Yuan obstructed Giant Sun, he was also getting closer to the heaven path dream realms.</p>
<p>Seeing this, he immediately gave up on Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and went in the direction of his dream path clone.</p>
<p>Meng Qiu Zhen’s eyes were closed and would not wake up in a short while.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable saw Fang Yuan ignoring him and leaving, he shouted in fury: ”Fang Yuan, such audacity! I will make you pay.”</p>
<p>At the next moment, hundreds of golden meteors shot out together. Their power was so terrifying that even heaven and earth changed colors.</p>
<p>At the same time, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable finally finished preparing her killer move and activated chaotic intent dispels dream.</p>
<p>She directly attacked Meng Qiu Zhen.</p>
<p>Bam bam bam bam!</p>
<p>The golden meteors struck Fang Yuan and Meng Qiu Zhen, explosions rang continuously, shaking the world.</p>
<p>Terrifying air waves rampaged in every direction.</p>
<p>The golden lights dissipated, Fang Yuan and Meng Qiu Zhen were moving down extremely quickly.</p>
<p>“Huh?!” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s eyes almost popped out, Fang Yuan was not even injured at all.</p>
<p>What kind of defensive killer move was this!</p>
<p>“Oh no!” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s expression changed greatly.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan was headed towards Central Continent.</p>
<p>As for Meng Qiu Zhen, he was already awake and had activated dream armor Gu to protect himself. At the same time, his body was covered by a layer of rippling reverse flow protection seal.</p>
<p>Through Fang Yuan’s modification, reverse flow protection seal could help others as well and was not limited to himself.</p>
<p>With two layers of defense, Meng Qiu Zhen, just like the main body, took on Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s killer move like it was nothing.</p>
    </body>
</html>