<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2233: Black Heaven&apos;s Heavenly Spirit</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2233: Black Heaven&apos;s Heavenly Spirit</h1>
        
        <p>Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>"Quick, take my place, I can't hold on anymore."</p> 
<p>"I'll come!"</p> 
<p>"Huff... we finally got through another stage."</p> 
<p>Within Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, the assisting Gu Immortals were all breathing roughly.</p> 
<p>After the first failure, Fang Yuan continued to experience two more failed attempts.</p> 
<p>He had no lack of rank nine wood path immortal materials, but time was pressing, he had no choice but to use more aggressive methods.</p> 
<p>He changed the procedure of the Gu refinement.</p> 
<p>Rank eight Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus had to be protected, but the steps before that became more simplified. As a result, the expenditure of immortal essence became more intense, each step became more complex and needed the full effort of the assisting Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Evidently, they were reaching their limit.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan frowned deeply.</p> 
<p>A few days passed but the two venerables did not move, the situation was getting more troublesome for him.</p> 
<p>Not only was there little progress in refining rank nine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, heaven form was also becoming harder to protect.</p> 
<p>The fusion of the immemorial two heavens had reached the most intense moment.</p> 
<p>In the sky above the five regions, black and white mixed together while changing rapidly. Day and night alternated at a rapid speed, mortals and beasts looked up in fear, they felt like the apocalypse was impending.</p> 
<p>Even the sun's route had changed!</p> 
<p>Everything that stood in its path, be they the black clouds or the soul beast army, they were all obliterated.</p> 
<p>The heaven form white crane cried out profusely, Fang Yuan tried using refinement path methods but could only slow down the accumulation of its injuries.</p> 
<p>Heaven form was getting more and more damaged.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan had already reached his own limit, he could not modify heaven form anymore. After all, he was currently refining a rank nine Immortal Gu!</p> 
<p>"The most crucial factor is time."</p> 
<p>"Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable are about to stop as well."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had already given the third Immortal Gu Star Eyes to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, he could still stall for a bit of time.</p> 
<p>Furthermore, Fang Yuan had been wasting time conversing with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, using the suggestion of transacting Immortal Gu to delay the inevitable.</p> 
<p>During this period, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had used their own investigative methods to probe Fang Yuan's situation.</p> 
<p>But because of the outstanding effects of obscured heavenly secret, Fang Yuan managed to conceal the truth.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had already expended a lot of immortal essence, his reserves were hitting rock bottom, meaning his battle strength had also fallen. If the truth was exposed, the two venerables would join hands to attack him!</p> 
<p>Deep in Northern Plains.</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable looked at the fusing heavens as starlight flashed across her eyes.</p> 
<p>"It is about time."</p> 
<p>"Now is the most intense moment of the heaven veins' fusion, it is also the most important moment."</p> 
<p>"If Fang Yuan gets through this, he may likely get to keep heaven form."</p> 
<p>"But how can we let this happen?"</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled, she moved and vanished on the spot like a stream of starlight.</p> 
<p>She quickly returned to Crazed Demon Cave.</p> 
<p>Because she was familiar with the place, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable easily arrived at the ninth layer void.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was trapped here, upon seeing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, he roared and charged at her.</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was prepared for this, she blocked Spectral Soul Demon Venerable's attacks while activating a method to form an opening.</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable flew through this opening as Spectral Soul Demon Venerable chased after her, causing them both to arrive in Northern Plains.</p> 
<p>"What?" At almost the same time, Fang Yuan and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had a sensation.</p> 
<p>"Is Star Constellation Immortal Venerable thinking of releasing Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to slaughter living beings of my Northern Plains?!" Giant Sun Immortal Venerable frowned.</p> 
<p>He had considered this possibility earlier.</p> 
<p>But this was not the style of Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>As expected, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not guess wrongly, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable retreated while luring Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to the two heavens.</p> 
<p>"Hehehe, Fang Yuan is in trouble." Giant Sun Immortal Venerable relaxed his mind, he started to observe the show as a spectator.</p> 
<p>"Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, what are you doing?!" Fang Yuan immediately questioned her in treasure yellow heaven, speaking furiously: "I gave you three Immortal Gu earlier!"</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled: "Precisely so, I will tell you this secret that nobody knows."</p> 
<p>"Back then, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable did not want to create soul path, his goal was killing path."</p> 
<p>"He is a person chosen by fate, he had immense innate luck and countless fortuitous encounters. Once, when he explored immemorial black heaven, what do you think he saw?"</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable spoke in a delicate tone.</p> 
<p>Upon hearing her words, Fang Yuan's expression sank as thoughts emerged in his mind.</p> 
<p>This was not hard to guess.</p> 
<p>Firstly, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was not in the right state of mind, he lost his sanity and even went to fix the hole in the world boundary in Crazed Demon Cave.</p> 
<p>Secondly, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was currently trying to lure Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to the immemorial two heavens, she wanted to give Fang Yuan trouble.</p> 
<p>But what kind of trouble was it?</p> 
<p>Even though heaven form could only remain in immemorial white heaven, it could still move around despite being on the brink of destruction.</p> 
<p>Thus, in theory, as long as Fang Yuan avoided battle and brought heaven form around at a quick speed, he only had to get away from Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p> 
<p>By then, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable without sanity would only attack Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. After all, she was the most threatening person to him.</p> 
<p>But now, since Star Constellation Immortal Venerable took such an action, she definitely had ways for Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to target Fang Yuan instead.</p> 
<p>With Fang Yuan's current predicament, the most likely answer became obvious.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan snorted in his heart.</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable explained the truth: "It seems that you have guessed it. Indeed, back then, before Spectral Soul became a Demon Venerable, he had already obtained food path methods. Once, when he explored immemorial black heaven, he by chance found immemorial black heaven's heavenly spirit."</p> 
<p>"Spectral Soul was eager to create killing path, he sensed the opportunity of that from the heavenly spirit. Thus, he used food path methods to devour this immemorial black heavenly spirit into his stomach and fused it with himself."</p> 
<p>Immemorial black heaven's heavenly spirit!</p> 
<p>Back then, since Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable could find a natural heavenly spirit in immemorial white heaven, why was there no such thing in black heaven?</p> 
<p>The reason was that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had devoured black heaven's heavenly spirit.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, I will keep those three Immortal Gu. I need to return to Northern Plains and refine more wisdom path dao marks. I will leave Spectral Soul Demon Venerable with you." After saying this, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable turned around and left.</p> 
<p>Seeing that she was leaving, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable showed a hesitant expression.</p> 
<p>Staring at Star Constellation Immortal Venerable who left, he turned towards Fang Yuan as there was something that attracted him even more.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's expression was grim.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was still in the heaven above Northern Plains, but he had already sensed heaven form which was in Eastern Sea. Evidently, after he devoured black heaven's heavenly spirit, although he did not manage to create killing path, he still grasped a lot of profundities that allowed him to create soul path.</p> 
<p>When Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was trapped in the ninth layer, he could not sense the five regions and two heavens, but once he arrived in the immemorial two heavens, he clearly sensed the heavenly spirit.</p> 
<p>"Black heaven's and white heaven's heavenly spirits originate from the immemorial two heavens, they are like a blessed land's land spirit and a grotto-heaven's heavenly spirit, they hold authority and control over the two heavens."</p> 
<p>"Precisely so, heaven form, which uses white heaven's heavenly spirit as the core, is able to find many of the grotto-heavens in white heaven, it can even help me invade Heavenly Court."</p> 
<p>"Now, with the fusion of both heavens, the two heavenly spirits of black and white heaven are also seemingly fusing together. No matter which side devours the other, they will gain a huge boost in strength and become the new core of the newly fused heaven!"</p> 
<p>All sorts of reasons flashed in Fang Yuan's mind.</p> 
<p>Over at the other side, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable made his decision, he charged towards Fang Yuan's direction, seemingly following his instincts.</p> 
<p>He had a huge body that was no longer human, but he had genuine rank nine cultivation level, he was extremely fast and simply looked like he was teleporting in black heaven.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan sighed, seeing that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was getting closer, he took heaven form and started to fly away...</p> 
<p>The sun!</p> 
<p>The sun was something that existed in immemorial white heaven, it was the biggest counter to immemorial black heaven.</p> 
<p>After Spectral Soul Demon Venerable devoured black heaven's heavenly spirit, he would also face such restrictions.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not move all over the place.</p> 
<p>Firstly, heaven form was very unstable now, if he moved quickly, it might break apart. Secondly, the sun was a favorable environment for heaven form. And thirdly, if Fang Yuan went elsewhere to fight Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, the other two venerables might sense his weakness and take action!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's main focus was to refine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus now.</p> 
<p>He had to stall for more time and complete the refinement!</p> 
<p>Roar—!</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable started to chase Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Black colored gas spread out into countless chains that shot towards Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan snorted and used a bit of his attention to destroy the black chains.</p> 
<p>His speed rose again as he approached the sun.</p> 
<p>As the distance shortened, the intense heat and light forced Fang Yuan to shut his eyes. If not for his defensive methods, he would have already been incinerated.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable chased relentlessly.</p> 
<p>He spit out a grand soul river while shooting countless soul spears and triggering explosions. He used all sorts of methods to stop Fang Yuan but midway, the sun's light limited the power of his methods, by the time they reached Fang Yuan, the methods broke apart by themselves.</p> 
<p>Heaven form was crying more pitifully now.</p> 
<p>The closer it got to the sun, the more light path and fire path dao marks there were, heaven form could not take much more.</p> 
<p>"I can't get any closer, otherwise, heaven form is going to break apart." Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, he followed after the trail of the sun, maintaining a certain distance.</p> 
<p>But then, after Spectral Soul Demon Venerable finally arrived, he started to fight against Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan fought as he retreated, he had to defend heaven form while dealing with Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. He also had to refine the rank nine Immortal Gu, thoughts were being consumed rapidly in his mind, his immortal essence reserves reached a critical level!</p> 
<p>The situation was perilous!</p> 
<p>This could not go on, if he fought now, his weakness would be exposed, obscured heavenly secret could not hide anything in that case.</p> 
<p>A ruthless light flashed in Fang Yuan's eyes, he knew that those two venerables were currently watching the commotion here with their full attention!</p> 
<p>"I can only sacrifice heaven form now!"</p> 
<p>At the next moment, Fang Yuan secretly activated obscured heavenly secret.</p> 
<p>But this time, the heaven form immortal material he chose to expend was the core of heaven form — the immemorial white heavenly spirit!</p> 
<p>Heaven form cried out as it looked at its master in fear.</p> 
<p>But in a few breaths of time, it vanished from existence entirely.</p> 
<p>A vast number of heaven path dao marks that piled into a dense mountain shrouded Fang Yuan immediately.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable became enraged, Fang Yuan had destroyed heaven form in front of him and left nothing behind.</p> 
<p>At the next moment, soul path killer moves erupted, attacks surged like a huge tidal wave in the sky.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan snorted coldly, he turned around and flew towards the sun!</p>
    </body>
</html>
