<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2055: Countering Spectral Soul</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2055: Countering Spectral Soul</h1>
        
        <p>Swoosh!</p> 
<p>Some parts of Giant Spectral Soul's body broke out with countless holes of various sizes, from these holes, black soul qi spewed out rapidly.</p> 
<p>As the soul qi leaked out, Giant Spectral Soul's huge body started to shrink at an observable speed.</p> 
<p>Seeing this, Lu Wei Yin's eyes shined with bright light: "No wonder Spectral Soul used a physical body to fight earlier and did not turn into the giant immediately. This move gives him a temporary power boost but it cannot be sustained for long, it also has a severe problem in it!"</p> 
<p>Giant Spectral Soul quickly healed his wounds and mended the holes, preventing soul qi from leaking further.</p> 
<p>As he healed, he attacked in place of defense, hundreds of arms danced around and slammed at Lu Wei Yin and the rest, causing them to scatter and dodge.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul was actually even fiercer than before!</p> 
<p>But Lu Wei Yin and the rest were calm, their morale rose as they saw the hope of victory!</p> 
<p>"Create an opportunity for me." Demon Immortal Qi Jue suddenly transmitted to Lu Wei Yin and the rest.</p> 
<p>Lu Wei Yin did not hesitate, he immediately activated the battlefield, a sandstorm concealed Demon Immortal Qi Jue's traces.</p> 
<p>Within the sandstorm, Demon Immortal Qi Jue had a solemn expression, almost all of his concentration was placed in his immortal aperture. A brand new killer move was carefully prepared by him, it was taking shape.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul sensed something amiss, he immediately charged into the sandstorm, attempting to disrupt Demon Immortal Qi Jue's mysterious killer move.</p> 
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor and Wu Shuai desperately tried to stop him but they could not stall Spectral Soul at all.</p> 
<p>Qing Chou rammed towards Spectral Soul but was easily dodged.</p> 
<p>Seeing that Spectral Soul was about to reach Demon Immortal Qi Jue, Lu Wei Yin stepped in.</p> 
<p>He had outstanding defensive methods, even though he lacked offense, he was the one who could stall Spectral Soul for the longest time now!</p> 
<p>Giant Spectral Soul fought with Lu Wei Yin, causing the latter to bleed from his nose and mouth, but he was unable to advance any further due to this obstruction.</p> 
<p>Getting some crucial time, Demon Immortal Qi Jue took a risk and completed his killer move preparation.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Xi Xi!</p> 
<p>The Xi Land above his head shined with profound light, directed at Spectral Soul. Seeing this, Spectral Soul roared with a trace of panic in his voice.</p> 
<p>The profound light pillar emitted an intense suction force, forcefully draining the black soul qi from Giant Spectral Soul's body!</p> 
<p>Giant Spectral Soul's body shrunk rapidly, all of his soul path methods fell drastically in strength.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul had a grim expression, he unleashed food path killer moves, bitter taste and swallow loss.</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue got hit by them, his body shook, he almost failed to sustain the killer move, Spectral Soul nearly escaped.</p> 
<p>But at the crucial moment, Lu Wei Yin strained his mind and pointed at Demon Immortal Qi Jue, shooting out two yellow lights.</p> 
<p>One yellow light landed on Demon Immortal Qi Jue and spread around the battlefield.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — All Life Is Bitter!</p> 
<p>Instantly, all of the immortals here felt bitterness, even the illusory sand shifting shadow battlefield was sharing the burden of experiencing the killer move bitter taste.</p> 
<p>The second yellow light entered Demon Immortal Qi Jue's body.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Suffering Loss Is A Blessing!</p> 
<p>Demon Immortal Qi Jue benefited from this, his body's injuries started to recover, he laughed loudly in satisfaction.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul's expression was dark.</p> 
<p>After Lu Wei Yin used both killer moves, his aura diminished to an extreme low, he immediately escaped using the sandstorm.</p> 
<p>From within the sandstorm, his voice was firm: "Spectral Soul, you committed too many sins and caused great harm to the world. Back then, countless Gu Immortals fell victim to your two food path killer moves! Thus, Lord Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable created these two moves specially to deal with you!"</p> 
<p>They were his direct counter!</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul was stuck in a passive spot instantly, his two killer moves were broken.</p> 
<p>Once a killer move was broken, the user would fall into a passive state, even Spectral Soul was no exception. Simply because he was dealing with another venerable, someone who had opposed him over his entire life!</p> 
<p>Bitter taste and swallow loss were countered, Spectral Soul wanted to use eat heart now.</p> 
<p>This move was created in his later years, it had almost never been used, there was almost no possibility that Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had a counter to it.</p> 
<p>But Spectral Soul could not use it.</p> 
<p>When he used eat heart earlier, many soul path Immortal Gu were destroyed, he also expended a huge amount of food path mortal Gu, he had paid a huge price to forcefully activate it.</p> 
<p>Simply put, he could not use eat heart for the following short period of time.</p> 
<p>Precisely so, Spectral Soul had been holding back eat heart, not willing to use it without a good reason.</p> 
<p>After Spectral Soul escaped, he first ransacked Heavenly Court's storage before devouring Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven, taking its entire foundation. Spectral Soul recovered his strength, he rose up again with great efficiency! However, it was undeniably that his gains in food path Immortal Gu were minuscule, he could not truly exert the full strength of his food path.</p> 
<p>Food path was very rarely passed down, this was both Spectral Soul's advantage and disadvantage. Because there were too few food path Gu Immortals, there were also very few food path Immortal Gu around.</p> 
<p>All in all, Spectral Soul had too little time to recover!</p> 
<p>Ever since this battle to chase Fang Yuan started, Spectral Soul had been using countless soul path killer moves that were tough to deal with.</p> 
<p>But in terms of food path, Spectral Soul only had three killer moves. Among which, eat heart was only used with great difficulty, it was a one-time use trump card.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul had countless soul path killer moves with terrifying and peculiar effects, they were hard to counter. But in terms of food path, there was nothing special, he only had three moves, for Lu Wei Yin and the others who had fought him for so long, it was hard to not accustom themselves to these moves.</p> 
<p>It was like Fang Yuan's Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress, when he used it earlier, it was shocking. But after a while of fighting, with its foundation exposed, Spectral Soul and Qi Jue quickly familiarized themselves with its weaknesses.</p> 
<p>Trump cards were things that were best left unused as much as possible.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul's two food path killer moves were countered by Lu Wei Yin, he immediately suffered a backlash, his injuries were severe!</p> 
<p>Killer moves could not be used carelessly, once they were broken, the outcome would be terrible.</p> 
<p>But this was not Spectral Soul's mistake, in the earlier situation, soul path killer moves could not turn the situation around, food path was the wisest choice!</p> 
<p>But Lu Wei Yin was someone with deep schemes, he was just Paradise Earth's inheritor, he was not the Immortal Venerable after all. Thus he kept these two moves concealed as trump cards, even though Spectral Soul used the two food path killer moves earlier, he did not show any hints. At the most crucial moment, he unleashed his counter and achieved the best result!</p> 
<p>"Ming You, I will kill you, I will kill you!" After Spectral Soul suffered heavy injuries, Qing Chou attacked while roaring loudly!</p> 
<p>It was like a mad beast, its expression was distorted and its eyes were red, bursting open and bleeding with green-black blood. Its body was covered in hundreds of holes, blood spewed out continuously, its injuries were scary to look at.</p> 
<p>"Truly an amazing creation." For a moment, Giant Spectral Soul squinted his eyes.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul's attainment in soul path was definitely unsurpassed in the world. He created soul path, causing soul beasts to exist in the world. Thus, his understanding of soul beasts was extremely thorough, nobody could know more than him! And yet, Qing Chou was different, a qualitative change had occurred within its body.</p> 
<p>Facing Qing Chou's attack, Giant Spectral Soul became overjoyed instead!</p> 
<p>Since the fight started, Spectral Soul had gained great benefits from Qing Chou. For others, Qing Chou would be a huge problem, it was quite fatal. But for Spectral Soul, it was like a gentle rain, it came at a good time to allow Spectral Soul to absorb its strength and recover rapidly!</p> 
<p>Qing Chou charged with extreme speed, it did not care about its own life.</p> 
<p>The sole enemy in its life was right before it!</p> 
<p>But as memories surfaced, its vision blurred again.</p> 
<p>"Escape, quickly escape!"</p> 
<p>"Can anyone save me, oh, ancestors of Qing clan, why are you not taking action?"</p> 
<p>"Father! Mother! Where are you?"</p> 
<p>...</p> 
<p>Cries resounded, screaming filled the entire Qing oasis.</p> 
<p>Rough winds howled in the desert, while the oasis carried a warm breeze.</p> 
<p>This was Western Desert Qing clan's blessed land headquarters, it was situated in a beautiful oasis of Western Desert.</p> 
<p>The sandstones were like mountains, the still lake were like the sea, and the trees were lush and vibrant. However, this utopia that was Qing clan's beautiful home turned into living hell.</p> 
<p>A terrifying slaughter was ongoing, blood flowed into rivers, countless Gu Masters retaliated desperately but were unable to cause any problems for the perpetrator.</p> 
<p>The young Spectral Soul, Ming You from Southern Border's Gu Immortal world, wore a black robe, he stood proudly in the sky, each time he attacked, he took away thousands of lives.</p> 
<p>He looked down on the ground, countless people were running in the face of death, they were like pitiful ants.</p> 
<p>"Qing clan, you are a great Western Desert super force, how long are you going to hide?" Ming You snickered and taunted: "It is too disappointing, are you going to watch your clan get slaughtered like this? Hehehe, the so-called Qing clan is nothing amazing after all!"</p> 
<p>Qing clan did not have many Gu Immortals left.</p> 
<p>Right now, they were in the deepest part of their blessed land headquarters, hearing Ming You's voice, they felt extremely furious.</p> 
<p>"This demonic path scoundrel is too arrogant and hateful!"</p> 
<p>"To think that our second supreme elder would die at his hands, this is truly too unbelievable."</p> 
<p>"Our great Qing clan actually ended up in this situation, nobody dares to go out and fight just this mere Ming You alone!"</p> 
<p>"No, this is not all Ming You's credit. Don't you all find it weird that news of Divine Bean Palace was leaked out?"</p> 
<p>Qing clan's Gu Immortals discussed, some were sad and dejected, some felt they were helpless to do anything.</p> 
<p>"Cough cough, you are right." Qing clan's first supreme elder woke up from his coma.</p> 
<p>"First elder!" Qing clan's Gu Immortals were overjoyed, they cheered: "You are finally awake."</p> 
<p>Qing clan's first supreme elder still had a purplish complexion, his aura was extremely weak. He barely sat up on his bed as he said: "Ming You has likely cooperated with the other forces to deal with us. He is an open blade while the other forces are restraining us secretly, they are too vicious. Not long ago, to settle some territorial dispute and get a giant resource point, I was sneak attacked and suffered heavy injuries, I have no battle strength now. Recently, our clan's giant resource points have all been attacked by demonic path Gu Immortals. After sending our Immortal Gu Houses to deal with them, our headquarters have fallen into a state of absolute weakness... cough, cough."</p> 
<p>"First supreme elder, you need to rest, don't exert yourself!"</p> 
<p>"Yes, we will handle this!"</p> 
<p>"As long as Qing clan survives this crisis, we will definitely take revenge on those vicious scoundrels."</p> 
<p>Qing clan's Gu Immortals quickly assured.</p> 
<p>But Qing clan's first supreme elder shook his head: "Don't go and waste your lives, Ming You has incredible battle strength, he possesses an immense innate luck, he is not a simple character. We were too careless earlier, by the time we realized this and want to deal with him seriously, the other forces already started to restrain us. We need to be very vigilant in dealing with him now!"</p> 
<p>Qing clan's Gu Immortals were discussing earlier, but hearing the first supreme elder's words, it seemed like he had other plans.</p>
    </body>
</html>
