<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2315: Nothing is Certain Except Success</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2315: Nothing is Certain Except Success</h1>
        <p>Ever since the sun was destroyed, five regions and two heavens fell into deep darkness.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable who was burning with blue, eerie fire could never replace the sun. Because what he gave the world were not vitality and warmth, but coldness and killing intent.</p>
<p>In this darkness, the countless stars shining in the sky of Central Continent became a consolation for the mortals.</p>
<p>However, right now, these dazzling starlights were being attacked!</p>
<p>Vast and surging qi currents submerged the boundless starlight.</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor waved his sleeves as he slowly flew in the air and continued his attacks with an indifferent expression.</p>
<p>He was one of the arrangements Fang Yuan made when he deployed troops before. Right now, he immediately acted after receiving the main body’s message.</p>
<p>The space inside star array calculation formation was in an uproar.</p>
<p>There were many Gu Immortals stationed here.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable arranged many Gu Immortals here because star array calculation formation was fragile.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was aware that star array calculation formation which was constructed in just a short period was Heavenly Court’s weakness and would become other venerables’ target.</p>
<p>So she also left Embroidered Tower and Star Constellation Chessboard in this formation!</p>
<p>“Qi Sea Ancestor appeared at the northeast side, he extinguished three thousand eight hundred and seventy-one stars with one move.”</p>
<p>“Urgent report! Fang Yuan’s enslavement path clone Wu Shuai appeared at the northwest side and destroyed two thousand six hundred and sixty-four stars.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation’s will inside Embroidered Tower was just about to send orders when the whole formation space shook fiercely.</p>
<p>She then heard the Gu Immortals in charge of information shout in panic: ”Zhan Bu Du, Zhan Bu Du appeared! He is attacking from the south and is coming straight towards us!”</p>
<p>“Zhan Bu Du?” Star Constellation’s will immediately controlled her thoughts to take a look through the star array calculation formation. She saw a bright-looking young man wearing a large blood-red cape. His momentum was like a tiger coming out of the mountain or a mad dragon descending upon the world, his attacks produced explosive sounds as he moved forward.</p>
<p>Star Constellation’s will sighed.</p>
<p>There were already clues from Fang clan’s situation about Fang Yuan being able to revive Gu Immortals. Zhan Bu Du’s revival did not surprise Star Constellation’s will.</p>
<p>But she was a bit troubled in this situation.</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor and Zhan Bu Du had pseudo venerable battle strength while Wu Shuai was a peak rank eight expert. In this aspect, Heavenly Court lacked elite experts that could match them.</p>
<p>Qing Chou could be considered one but was guarding Divine Emperor City at this moment. Based on strategical importance, Divine Emperor City was much more important than star array calculation formation.</p>
<p>As for Qin Ding Ling, Che Wei, and the rest, they were experts among rank eights but were still lacking compared to Qi Sea and Zhan Bu Du.</p>
<p>“Fang Yuan can revive Gu Immortals while preserving their cultivation level. If so, where are his variant human rank eight subordinates hiding now?</p>
<p>The situation was not clear, Star Constellation’s will decided to play it safe and prioritize defending star array calculation formation.</p>
<p>Star Constellation’s will personally controlled star array calculation formation; in an instant, dazzling starlight shone.</p>
<p>Qi Sea Ancestor and Wu Shuai had to close their eyes and use investigative killer moves. Only Zhan Bu Du who had a very strong body opened his eyes wide without any worries.</p>
<p>Starlight dimmed quickly, Qi Sea Ancestor, Wu Shuai, and Zhan Bu Du’s vision changed suddenly, they found themselves on a large chessboard.</p>
<p>“This is... Star Constellation Chessboard?”</p>
<p>“Hmph! This star array calculation formation and Star Constellation Chessboard can mutually support each other.”</p>
<p>“Not only this, it probably has Embroidered Tower’s help as well!”</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s three clones conversed secretly while attacking madly.</p>
<p>Explosions rang, star array calculation formation shook intensely but it was able to barely hold on with the help of Embroidered Tower and Star Constellation Chessboard.</p>
<p>“This is not good, if the situation falls into a stalemate, how can we help our main body pressure Star Constellation Immortal Venerable?” Qi Sea Ancestor’s heart sank slightly.</p>
<p>The other two knew this was not good and strengthened their attacks.</p>
<p>Spectral heaven.</p>
<p>The fight of the four venerables was continuing.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s clones made a move but were blocked by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s arrangements. However, Fang Yuan’s situation was improving quickly.</p>
<p>His situation was troubling earlier because Giant Sun Immortal Venerable used his full strength.</p>
<p>But the situation was changing now because of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable as well.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s battle strength was falling constantly.</p>
<p>Although the killer move—I reside in all living beings and heaven and earth—was very strong, it forcibly extracted external luck. It was like a rootless tree or a sourceless body of water; the more it was used, the less would remain.</p>
<p>Not only this, when the effect of this move dissipate completely, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck would fall into a weakened state which would last for a while before it goes back to normal.</p>
<p>The news of star array calculation formation being attacked was already known by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable at the very first moment.</p>
<p>But she could not go back to reinforce it.</p>
<p>The moment she did that, she would fall into Fang Yuan’s trap. At that time, why would Giant Sun Immortal Venerable be willing to fight against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and Fang Yuan alone?</p>
<p>If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable blindly cared about Heavenly Court’s benefits, it would definitely put a crack in the two venerables’ alliance. After all, Giant Sun was not a Heavenly Court venerable, he did not share the same sentiments as Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, this alliance was just because of the situation.</p>
<p>In fact, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable suspected that if she were to go back to reinforce Central Continent, Fang Yuan would give chase.</p>
<p>Among the venerables, only Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could pose a threat to Meng Qiu Zhen. Fang Yuan would directly bring the battlefield to Central Continent which was even more harmful to Central Continent.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable defended against Fang Yuan’s constant interference while inwardly sighing at his craftiness and understanding of the human heart, choosing a perfect time for his clones to make a move.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable also tried using other killer moves to attack Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Although Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was strong, he had lost his senses and was only an annoyance. Fang Yuan was still the crucial factor and the biggest threat!</p>
<p>But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s constant attempts showed no visible effects.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan used Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to protect himself, his battle tactic was shallow but it had an excellent effect.</p>
<p>The four venerables’ chaotic battle lasted for a while longer. Seeing that ’I reside in all living beings and heaven and earth’ killer move was decreasing in effect, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had no choice but to activate this move again.</p>
<p>In an instant, golden light pillar appeared once again. It spanned across heaven and earth, it was grand, magnificent, and extremely dazzling.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck strengthened once again and his battle strength rose to the previous state.</p>
<p>I reside in all living beings and heaven and earth killer move could be used continuously but its after-effects would increase subsequently. Right now, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was in a position from which he could not retreat, his whole combat system was based on his positive luck. If his luck was low, his battle strength would reduced significantly.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable naturally did not want to reveal the flaw of this move when he was using it for the first time.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan saw Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s aura rising again, he immediately retreated and used Spectral Soul Demon Venerable as a shield to block the attacks.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s clenched his teeth in hatred as he saw Fang Yuan’s action.</p>
<p>He knew that if he did not do something, the previous situation would replay, so he immediately used another trump card.</p>
<p>Luck path killer move — Nothing is Certain Except Success!</p>
<p>Golden light flickered on Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s body. The golden light slowly rose above his head and turned into an amber jade sphere.</p>
<p>The amber jade sphere’s aura was extremely powerful, even Fang Yuan and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable felt their hearts palpitate.</p>
<p>Next, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable gave a low shout and fiercely struck the amber jade sphere with his head.</p>
<p>The amber jade sphere shot off towards Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan knew how terrifying this move was when he saw that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s surging luck had mostly dissipated and nearly went back to its original state.</p>
<p>He could not immediately decipher the profundities in this move so he did not take this move head-on, instead dodging behind Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had no fear as he swatted the amber jade sphere far away with one hand.</p>
<p>The amber jade sphere was like a ball that directly fell from spectral heaven.</p>
<p>“What?” Fang Yuan and Star Constellation were slightly astonished.</p>
<p>This move had such a terrifying aura but it was actually suppressed so easily?</p>
<p>“Giant Sun...” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable directly expressed her concern.</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled, replying confidently: ”Star Constellation, please watch. This move is extraordinarily profound. It is created using self luck, all living being’s luck, and heaven and earth luck. It is not restricted by the usual concept of offense and defense but uses the variables in heaven and earth and all living beings to form a result that will astonish both of us. It is just that this move needs some time to show its power.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable heard this reply and immediately asked the crucial question: ”Then how long does it need to show an effect?”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s expression stiffened: ”The time is... not fixed.”</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable: ”...”</p>
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable continued: ”This move has already been used, you don’t need to worry about it. Why don’t you attack Fang Yuan with me?”</p>
<p>He then pounced at Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable glanced at the amber jade sphere before coordinating with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable as they flew around Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and attacked Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>The amber jade sphere encountered a large soul beast army on its descent. After piercing through hundreds of soul beasts, its aura fell by ten percent and its direction also changed slightly.</p>
<p>It continued to fall, its aura dropping by another ten percent as it pierced through the heavenly wind qi wall. After it reached the sky of Central Continent, it directly shot into star array calculation formation.</p>
<p>Star Constellation’s will was controlling Star Constellation Chessboard and star array calculation formation to deal with Fang Yuan’s three clones.</p>
<p>The two sides were still in a stalemate when suddenly, the luck path killer move that looked like an amber egg intruded the inside of the starry chessboard.</p>
<p>“What is this?!” Qi Sea Ancestor and the group were immediately vigilant.</p>
<p>“Oh no.” Star Constellation’s will’s expression changed intensely.</p>
<p>Be it star array calculation formation or Star Constellation Chessboard, they were both wisdom path methods characterized by delicate and complicated calculations.</p>
<p>But the amber jade sphere was the congregation of luck path, it was a huge variable.</p>
<p>The amber jade sphere entered Star Constellation Chessboard and immediately disturbed the whole battlefield. It continuously absorbed and repelled all kinds of arrangements made by Star Constellation’s will, making everything turn chaotic.</p>
<p>Star Constellation’s will quickly tried to suppress the variables and maintain the battlefield but she could not avoid showing certain loopholes as a result.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s three clones were joyous and immediately grabbed this chance to attack the loopholes.</p>
<p>A while later.</p>
<p>There was a huge explosion. The vision of Fang Yuan’s clones changed suddenly as they reappeared in the sky above Central Continent.</p>
<p>A small portion of Star Constellation Chessboard was destroyed and Star Constellation’s will immediately stored it in Embroidered Tower.</p>
    </body>
</html>