<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2082: Defeated Army</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2082: Defeated Army</h1>
        
        <p>"Sect leader."</p> 
<p>"Sect leader."</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang walked to a hidden corner of the camp where he was greeted by two to three beggars.</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang also had a beggar's appearance with ragged clothes and foul odor coming off of him.</p> 
<p>The ten children of human path organized a large army and entered the newly appeared growling beast painting world, playing the role of pioneers. At every set interval of distance, they would construct a stable camp before the logistics and support came to fill the camp, giving ample supplies to the army led by the ten children of human path.</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang had been following in secret and also mobilized Beggar Sect to look for an opportunity.</p> 
<p>"How is the situation?" Fang Di Chang asked.</p> 
<p>"Our sect brothers have been following the pioneering army."</p> 
<p>"Sect leader, the situation is good. We gathered many wild beast corpses and valuable skin and fur. We are going to be rich!"</p> 
<p>"It is just that we got into a conflict with some merchants and guards because of this."</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang frowned: "What are the casualties?"</p> 
<p>His Beggar Sect developed quickly, its members were not only the human path Gu worms he used, there were also many of Divine Emperor City's native beggars.</p> 
<p>Hearing the number of casualties, Fang Di Chang's frown became deeper.</p> 
<p>"Although Beggar Sect is easy to grow, beggar Gu are the cheapest human path Gu worms with very low battle strength. They are disadvantaged when facing merchants, guards, and others. Only by uniting and forming a numbers advantage will they not suffer losses."</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang sighed inwardly, Beggar Sect seemed to be enormous but it did not have much strength. It was not reliable to use Beggar Sect to deal with the ten children of human path in the future.</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang entered the tenth camp, but the ten children of human path had already marched even further and were constructing the twelfth camp.</p> 
<p>"I can only rely on the beast tide now. The deeper we enter growling beast painting world, the stronger the beasts become."</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang's only hope was for the beast tides to defeat the ten children of human path.</p> 
<p>Not only defeat, it would be even better if they suffered serious loss with casualties. Only then would Fang Di Chang have an opportunity to exploit.</p> 
<p>"I can do nothing about this, my current strength is too low. The only thing I can use is Beggar Sect. The ten children of human path are all Gu Masters and possess primeval essence, they can only maintain their human path Gu worms for some time. But I am using Shen Shang's immortal essence, which is akin to unlimited primeval essence, so I can maintain these beggar Gu all the time."</p> 
<p>As Fang Di Chang thought up to this point, his gaze suddenly darkened and a feeling of weakness spread from the depths of his body.</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang quickly took out human will Gu and placed it in front of his nose, breathing in deeply.</p> 
<p>A gust of human will was absorbed into his body and merged with his will.</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang's body was formed from a beggar Gu, it did not have a soul and only a will. And a will was difficult to maintain and would be expended rapidly when thinking.</p> 
<p>Fortunately, in Divine Emperor City's painting world, there was human will Gu.</p> 
<p>Human will Gu produced human will, which could change into any form of will. With its help, Fang Di Chang's will could continue to exist and be active.</p> 
<p>At this time, in the depths of the growling beast painting world.</p> 
<p>A lifelike will was floating in the air.</p> 
<p>He was wearing a green and white robe, he had a gentle demeanor and had a smile on his face; he was Genesis Lotus' will!</p> 
<p>And below him, Mao Li Qiu was lying on the ground in a curled up position. It was bound by a huge formless force, making it unable to even budge.</p> 
<p>Not only this, another powerful force was constantly extracting its dao marks.</p> 
<p>"Dog shit Genesis Lotus, release me and fight me if you have the guts!" Mao Li Qiu shouted.</p> 
<p>Genesis Lotus' will shook his head: "Mao Li Qiu, are you still not conceding? You are in a hopeless situation, unless Giant Sun Immortal Venerable revives and comes to save you, your death is certain."</p> 
<p>"And you yourself are aware that there is no hope for that. Your only chance at survival is to surrender."</p> 
<p>"Otherwise, as time passes, your strength will continue to fall. Until... you die."</p> 
<p>Genesis Lotus' will urged, his voice was persuasive and his expression was kind.</p> 
<p>Mao Li Qiu, however, roared in fury: "Then so be it, I don't want it, you can take all my dao marks!!"</p> 
<p>Genesis Lotus' will was astonished.</p> 
<p>At the next moment, Mao Li Qiu not only released all his defense but also cooperated with the absorption force, abandoning his dao marks.</p> 
<p>Amidst the dazzling profound light, countless dao marks spread towards the surroundings and entered growling beast painting world.</p> 
<p>Some dao marks fell to the ground, turning into giant beasts of all kinds of sizes and shapes; some dao marks flew to the sky, condensing together into vicious birds that covered the sky.</p> 
<p>The painting world was extremely profound, it could collect external dao marks and paint them into all kinds of birds and beasts.</p> 
<p>But at this moment, with Mao Li Qiu's full cooperation, the painted beasts surged in amount and soon surpassed the safety boundary.</p> 
<p>"Oh no." The expression of Genesis Lotus' will changed, not having expected Mao Li Qiu to be so impulsive.</p> 
<p>It was suppressed in the painting world, although it had a way to attack, it still had enough strength to defend. If it defended with all its strength, it could last for a long time. Therefore, Genesis Lotus' will came to persuade it to surrender.</p> 
<p>To Mao Li Qiu, the most sensible path would be to let the painting world wear down its strength bit by bit while holding on for as long as possible.</p> 
<p>Like what Demon Immortal Qi Jue was doing; he was suppressed by Divine Emperor City and could not break free on his own, but he placed his hopes on the future.</p> 
<p>Who could be certain of the future?</p> 
<p>But Mao Li Qiu did not follow this logic, it went against the plan of Genesis Lotus' will.</p> 
<p>An unprecedented violent beast tide formed and rushed madly towards the army of the ten children of human path!</p> 
<p>The ten children of human path had a huge change in their expressions the moment they saw the beast tide.</p> 
<p>"Retreat, this beast tide is too fierce!"</p> 
<p>"Even if we use all our strength, we are not their match."</p> 
<p>"Retreat, the urgent matter is to preserve our energy for later."</p> 
<p>The ten children of human path were all elites, they retreated without hesitation.</p> 
<p>But retreating was not easy, the beast tide was like a tsunami that threatened to drown the world. Many birds moved faster than the beasts and pestered the pioneering army.</p> 
<p>The ten children of human path fought a bloody battle and were finally able to carve a path out.</p> 
<p>When they reached the eleventh camp, the whole army was reduced by half, they suffered immense losses!</p> 
<p>The beast tide continued to rush forward as if it was endless!</p> 
<p>The camp was constructed properly and had thick defense, but it was quickly showing signs of collapsing under the beast tide's charge.</p> 
<p>"Heavens, looks like we have completely angered these beasts."</p> 
<p>"This beast tide is so fierce, even if we add all the previous beast groups, they are not even one-tenth of this."</p> 
<p>"Retreat!"</p> 
<p>The ten children of human path retreated to the tenth camp.</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang had already left earlier.</p> 
<p>He had already received the information, and understanding the strength of the beast tide, he knew the tenth camp was definitely going to collapse.</p> 
<p>Although he wanted to look for an opportunity to retaliate, he did not want to disregard his own safety. In fact, with just Beggar Sect's strength, he might not be able to get revenge even if he staked his life.</p> 
<p>The tenth camp also fell and was run over by the beast tide.</p> 
<p>The ten children of human path could only retreat again and again, the beast tide also paid the price, but the scale was truly too large. It could completely bear the price!</p> 
<p>Finally, the terrifying beast tide chased away all the humans.</p> 
<p>The painstakingly built camps were destroyed with not even one remaining.</p> 
<p>Not even ten percent of the troops following the ten children of human path survived, the other residents of the painting world faced even more severe losses.</p> 
<p>The surviving group of people were in an extremely miserable state, they were all shocked and terrified.</p> 
<p>The city gate closed shut. The city guards looked solemn, the beast tide had arrived in front of the city!</p> 
<p>The ferocious beasts did not stop and began to attack the city.</p> 
<p>The offensive and defensive battle lasted for three and three nights, the city was actually on the losing end. Many times, giant beasts directly climbed the city walls and carved a path of blood on their way to the inner areas, causing massive casualties.</p> 
<p>At the crucial moment, large numbers of divine bean soldiers appeared and participated in the defense, beating back the beast tide.</p> 
<p>"The divine bean soldiers are working for us!"</p> 
<p>"Right. This was Divine Bean Palace's killer move, and after we succeeded in slaying the immortal, the divine bean soldiers became our helpers."</p> 
<p>The ten children of human path were shocked and joyous, as well as deeply regretful.</p> 
<p>Their losses were too severe this time, almost all their previous accumulations were gone. The only fortunate thing was that none of them had died.</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang had already left this city to a much further area.</p> 
<p>Beggar Sect's losses were also big.</p> 
<p>The crushing defeat that Fang Di Chang hoped for had happened, but this level surpassed his expectations. Still, the ten children of human path helped each other and were united, he did not find any chance to attack them.</p> 
<p>The beast tide disappeared, the large number of wild beasts returned to growling beast painting world. They scattered everywhere, making the difficulty of exploring growling beast painting world much higher than before.</p> 
<p>The painting world was like a huge beast that was licking its wound. The claw that had stretched into growling beast painting world earlier had almost shattered.</p> 
<p>"I did not expect growling beast painting world to be so dangerous, it can be deduced the other painting should also be at a similar level." Shen Shang found Fang Di Chang.</p> 
<p>The two exchanged information.</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang informed Shen Shang about the intel collected by Beggar Sect, for instance, the losses of the ten children of human path, as well as Ye Fan and Hong Yi's performance in this expedition.</p> 
<p>And Shen Shang informed Fang Di Chang of a huge discovery.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang was the person who had explored the deepest and he witnessed the scene of the beast tide transformation!</p> 
<p>"Using dao marks to paint, sure enough, painting path's methods are mysterious and exceptional. But if so...." Fang Di Chang analyzed, "It seems like growling beast painting world is suppressing a great enemy of Heavenly Court in its depths. The battle between the beast tide and the humans is essentially a method to weaken this enemy and increase the suppression."</p> 
<p>Shen Shang approved of Fang Di Chang's analysis as he said: "I wonder who is being suppressed inside? They are at least a rank eight Gu Immortal! The enemy of an enemy is a friend, we might have a chance of cooperating."</p> 
<p>"The losses to the army were severe this time, only one-tenth survived. In a short period of time, it should not be possible to organize an exploration army. Do we use this chance to go to the depths of the painting?" Fang Di Chang shook his head, "No, those beasts don't care about anyone."</p> 
<p>Shen Shang nodded: "The gap between immortal and mortal is not large in this painting world. It seems we can only wait for the exploration army to be organized again. We can then take the chance to go deeper."</p> 
<p>When the large battle between the humans and beasts had settled in the painting world, Fang Yuan had secretly arrived in Mushroomman Paradise.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was successfully raised to rank eight and Fang Yuan also created a large number of compound killer moves.</p> 
<p>Over on the Qi Sea clone's end, the Qi Sea clone contacted Heavenly Court again and again to organize an alliance army to attack Fang Yuan's variant human alliance. But although Heavenly Court had agreed, they did not show any signs of taking action.</p> 
<p>Such an attitude made Fang Yuan believe the severity of the situation.</p> 
<p>Mushroomman Paradise's entrance opened, Lu Wei Yin personally welcomed Fang Yuan to the depths of the blessed land.</p> 
<p>They had just sat down when Fang Yuan asked: "Is Spectral Soul still alive?"</p>
    </body>
</html>
