<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2308: Fang Yuan Versus Star Constellation</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2308: Fang Yuan Versus Star Constellation</h1>
        <p>“You need me to die? Hehehe, it is rare to see you, Fang Yuan, act so enthusiastically.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled at Fang Yuan’s threat but was slightly shaken inwardly.</p>
<p>In her several fights with Fang Yuan, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable rarely saw Fang Yuan show such a firm attitude. It was clear that Fang Yuan was bent on gaining these heaven path dream realms!</p>
<p>Because of this, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable needed to stop Fang Yuan even more.</p>
<p>“We have not fought for many days, you’ve probably made a lot of progress.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s long hair started fluttering without wind.</p>
<p>Her long dark hair was like the dark night, but countless starlight specks glittered in between the hair like a shrunken milky way, so dazzling that it could not be ignored.</p>
<p>Ding ding ding...</p>
<p>Innumerable starlight specks flowed out of her hair and gathered to form a powerful starlight torrent.</p>
<p>This torrent was made from countless star fragments that collided with each other, producing clear and crisp sounds.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan frowned, he had not seen this move before. He immediately pointed with his finger, using the killer move seven kills rainbow.</p>
<p>In an instant, metal path’s yellow light, wood path’s jade-green light, water path’s light blue hue, fire path’s red light, earth path’s brown light, wind path’s green radiance, and lightning path’s deep blue light merged together to form a huge drill that charged towards the star fragment current.</p>
<p>Rumble!</p>
<p>The collision produced a huge explosion first. Shortly after, metallic sounds of countless star fragments colliding with each other resounded in the battlefield.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s seven kills rainbow passed through star fragments and snaked its way towards Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled as her body drifted back like there was a gust of wind.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan’s seven kills rainbow continued to lose strength as it passed through the star fragments. At first, it had an unstoppable penetrative force, but as star fragments continued to attach themselves onto it, its momentum reduced rapidly. In the end, the light pillar continued to thin out, and when it reached Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, it was just like a wisp of smoke.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable watched with a smile on her face as the seven kills rainbow dissipated before her.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan frowned slightly, his gaze fixed upon the star fragments that were scattered throughout the battlefield.</p>
<p>Every one of the star fragments was extremely small, they were not real star fragments but created from the killer move.</p>
<p>Originally, the star fragments flickered with blue light and gathered to form an azure torrent. But now, these star fragments were scattered, and as they absorbed the seven kills rainbow, their surface became tainted with colors like golden yellow, green, blue, red, brown, and so on. The sky above the battlefield was filled with all kinds of colors, forming a gorgeous scene.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan, however, sensed intense danger from this boundless beautiful scenery.</p>
<p>He continued to activate killer moves to probe, but each of them showed their might for a short period before their strength began to fall rapidly and were then absorbed by the star fragments.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable activated another method.</p>
<p>She occasionally flicked her fingers or waved them in the air. Following her movement, star path dao marks shone in the battlefield correspondingly.</p>
<p>These star path dao marks increased in numbers rapidly while connecting with each other; in just a dozen or so breaths of time, they had constructed the initial form of a battlefield killer move!</p>
<p>How could Fang Yuan let Star Constellation Immortal Venerable succeed so easily, once the battlefield killer move was activated, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would immediately have a huge territorial advantage.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan immediately acted to obstruct her but there was minimal effect.</p>
<p>The star fragments protected the dao marks, even if Fang Yuan destroyed the star path dao marks, these dao marks would break down into countless star fragments and fill the gaps.</p>
<p>“I need to thank you, Fang Yuan, if not for permanence Gu, there would not be these two moves.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable said.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan had never heard of these two moves, they synchronized with each other and were indeed extraordinary.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan saw that he was unable to resolve this directly, he decisively stopped probing and used another killer move.</p>
<p>At the next moment, his body released the light qi of five colors; central restriction white-gold saint light qi, northern restriction jade licorice light qi, western restriction red raging flame light qi, and eastern restriction blue water light qi.</p>
<p>The light qi connected with each other but were distinct individually as well. They quickly spread throughout the battlefield, covering Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s incomplete battlefield killer move as well as the countless star fragments.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable nodded slightly, revealing her admiration.</p>
<p>Be it the previous seven kills rainbow or the current five restriction profound light qi, they were both modified by Fang Yuan.</p>
<p>If it were the original version, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would have immediately disrupted them, and Fang Yuan would have suffered backlash.</p>
<p>Seven kills rainbow’s modification was quite ordinary. In just this short while, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had already seen through it. As long as she was given some time, she could deduce a method to break it directly.</p>
<p>But this five restriction profound light qi killer move was modified properly, besides the increase in its power, its activation speed had also become very fast.</p>
<p>This modification level surpassed seven kills rainbow’s which showed that Fang Yuan had paid a lot attention to this.</p>
<p>“He must have invested a lot of time and energy.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable thought.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable began to suffer backlash.</p>
<p>She did not have sovereign immortal body which had non-conflicting dao marks. In this five restriction profound light qi, the stronger the killer moves she used, the stronger the backlash she faced.</p>
<p>However, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was the number one person in wisdom path since ancient times. Five restriction profound light qi had been revealed before, so how could she not have a method to deal with it?</p>
<p>Over this period, she had thought of at least three ways to deal with every method of Fang Yuan’s.</p>
<p>Immediately, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable chose to use the simplest one.</p>
<p>She opened the door of her immortal aperture slightly, letting out countless star beasts.</p>
<p>These star beasts had varying sizes, they were as large as white whales or as small as mosquitoes. Some had huge heads and horns, some were soft and twisted, they were of all kinds and shapes.</p>
<p>But every one of these star beasts was at least an immemorial desolate beast. Among them, the leaders’ aura and status were clearly higher, their gazes even shone with shrewdness and spirituality.</p>
<p>The star beasts charged into five restriction profound light qi without any obstruction!</p>
<p>Five restriction profound light qi killer move originally came from Tao Zhu, he created it based upon the five regional walls. The five regional walls could obstruct the living beings of five regions but did not have much effect on the beings of the two heavens.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable deliberately raised these star path beasts which were all from the two heavens, so they were not suppressed by five restriction profound light qi.</p>
<p>The star beasts formed groups and charged forward aggressively.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan activated killer moves to clear out area after area, but Star Constellation Immortal Venerable kept on adding more beasts, the star beasts’ scale was still growing slowly. The star beast leaders even possessed their own immortal aperture and had Gu worms, their intelligence was not inferior to a human.</p>
<p>‘Star Constellation Immortal Venerable seems to be able to raise legendary immemorial beasts at a large scale?!’ Fang Yuan’s mind was shook.</p>
<p>But thinking about it, he understood why.</p>
<p>“Star Constellation Immortal Venerable is the number one person in wisdom path, enlightening the star beasts and giving them wisdom is her specialty domain.”</p>
<p>Actually, it was not just Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, the countless mutant Gu Immortals in Crazed Demon Cave originated from mountains, rocks, wind, fire, and so on, they were all evolved into Gu Immortals by Limitless Demon Venerable.</p>
<p>From a certain angle, in this aspect of enlightening legendary immemorial desolate beasts, Limitless Demon Venerable’s accomplishments were much more shocking than Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s.</p>
<p>“Star Constellation Immortal Venerable must have spent countless star path resources to nurture so many star beasts! The merging of the two heavens gave me countless heaven path immortal materials, it also gave her endless star path resources. It allowed her to construct the star array calculation formation and even raise so many star beasts.” Fang Yuan made a guess Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s wealth.</p>
<p>The truth was, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had spent a very large amount to raise so many star beasts. Not only did she use her gains from the merging of two heavens, she also used star path resources from Heavenly Court’s storage.</p>
<p>Looking at the approaching star beasts, Fang Yuan activated sword tongue dragon soul killer move while maintaining five restriction profound light qi.</p>
<p>Countless dragon souls flew and sword qi pervaded the air, but they still could not match the endless star beasts, at most they delayed the offense of some star beast groups.</p>
<p>After these star beasts were injured, the surrounding star fragments mended their injuries and healed them rapidly.</p>
<p>If they were severely injured, they would die and break down into star fragments.</p>
<p>Once the star fragments reached a certain level in an area, they easily formed star path dao marks.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s three moves were connected to each other. If one was weakened, the other would benefit, they were mutually linked and made Fang Yuan’s situation increasingly tough.</p>
<p>“Looks like this is another one of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s combat systems...” Fang Yuan noticed something.</p>
<p>His thoughts moved like lightning.</p>
<p>This fight with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was different from the battle in Crazed Demon Cave or the contest over rank nine light Gu.</p>
<p>The battle in Crazed Demon Cave was to seize Primordial Domain and the Crazed Demon formation. It prioritized on strategies and making use of the situation, it focused on the competition of information, people’s support, and their respective forces.</p>
<p>The contest over rank nine light Gu was a pursuit battle, it focused on speed, initiative, offense and defense.</p>
<p>This time, Fang Yuan wanted to seize heaven path dream realms, the prerequisite to this was to take control of this battlefield and gain territorial advantage!</p>
<p>Great minds thought alike, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had the same view.</p>
<p>Be it Fang Yuan’s five restriction profound light qi or Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s mysterious battlefield, they were both meant for this purpose.</p>
<p>From the start of the battle, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable directly used her new combat system, lowering the effectiveness of Fang Yuan’s five restriction profound light qi and other methods.</p>
<p>On the other hand, Fang Yuan was decisive, he saw the situation getting worse and immediately stopped all offensive methods, only defending himself.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable saw this and waved her sleeves, making all the star beasts press forward.</p>
<p>Fang Yuan could only dodge while preparing his killer move.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s eyes shone with starlight as she suddenly took out the lantern-like secluded domain of heaven and earth.</p>
<p>Mental Domain.</p>
<p>She lightly swung Mental Domain towards Fang Yuan’s direction.</p>
<p>Instantly, countless emotions attacked Fang Yuan’s mind and body.</p>
<p>But Fang Yuan was already prepared, he activated several defensive killer moves, among which was the killer move, calm and steady.</p>
<p>This move was already used in Crazed Demon Cave, it was also modified now. It suppressed and eliminated Fang Yuan’s emotions quickly.</p>
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not succeed in disturbing him, while Fang Yuan stabilized his footing as his preparation succeeded. He opened his mouth slightly, light smoke gushed out of his mouth and ears.</p>
<p>The pink smoke gathered above Fang Yuan’s head and turned into a mini image of Dang Hun Mountain.</p>
<p>At the next moment, the killer move activated as the mini Dang Hun Mountain shook intensely.</p>
<p>Ding——！</p>
<p>Ding——！</p>
<p>Ding——！</p>
<p>Sounds of crystals colliding resounded in the battlefield, and soon, the sound became ear-piercing.</p>
<p>The pink sound waves were visible to the naked eyes, wherever they went, star beasts cried in pain, freezing on the spot before crumbling apart.</p>
<p>The battlefield that was filled with star beasts became empty instantly.</p>
<p>Even the stronger star beast leaders were unable to resist as they collapsed amidst the pink sound waves.</p>
<p>Not only this, even the endless star fragments also disintegrated and disappeared. The surrounding star path dao marks were broken in succession and drowned in the pink sound waves.</p>
<p>Immortal killer move — Shocking Departure of Year Dream Wave and Dang Hun Sound!</p>
<p>One move swept the whole battlefield and changed the situation easily, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was aghast, her expression changed.</p>
    </body>
</html>