<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2062: Insanity</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2062: Insanity</h1>
        
        <p>In order to break Heavenly Court's encirclement, Longevity Heaven and Demon Immortal Qi Jue collaborated, they made use of the earth vein to find a way out of Qin Ding Ling's arrangement.</p> 
<p>After Calamity Luck Altar and Demon Immortal Qi Jue left the earth vein, they quickly split up as they ascended to the upper layers.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court's Immortal Gu Houses also appeared after them.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling transmitted her voice to Fang Zheng: "Stop them!"</p> 
<p>Even before her order, Fang Zheng was already prepared to do so.</p> 
<p>Boom!</p> 
<p>Demon Judgment Board shook intensely, a huge blood red beam of light shot towards Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Calamity Luck Altar.</p> 
<p>The terrifying power of the attack made Miao Yin and Black Tigress shake internally.</p> 
<p>In order to capture the three of them alive, Fang Zheng had been quite restricted, its current attack displayed the true power of Demon Judgment Board!</p> 
<p>The intense blood red light assaulted, Calamity Luck Altar and Demon Immortal Qi were obstructed for a moment, they swiftly blocked it, Qin Ding Ling quickly arrived and tangled with them.</p> 
<p>"Good job, Fang Zheng! After you're done with those three immortals, come here and work together to deal with these people." Qin Ding Ling ordered again.</p> 
<p>At this moment, Demon Immortal Qi Jue's battle strength had fallen greatly after the fight against Spectral Soul, but as long as he worked with Calamity Luck Altar, they were evenly matched with Heavenly Court. Where was Qin Ding Ling getting her confidence from?</p> 
<p>"Yes." Fang Zheng had a serious expression, the moment he received his orders, Bai Ning Bing attacked abruptly.</p> 
<p>In fact, Bai Ning Bing's ice path killer move had been prepared for some time, but Fang Zheng did not pay any attention to it. He had once controlled Demon Judgment Board to fight against rank eight ice path Gu Immortal Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, he was attacked by the snowman race's immortal suppression coffin killer move. Fang Zheng still had a deep memory of that battle even now, compared to Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, Bai Ning Bing was just rank seven, she was far inferior to him!</p> 
<p>However, after Bai Ning Bing activated her killer move, Fang Zheng's expression changed.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing did not attack Demon Judgment Board, instead, she targeted Fairy Miao Yin and Black Tigress!</p> 
<p>Gu Yue Fang Zheng could only change his tactic in a fluster, blood red fog enveloped Miao Yin and Black Tigress at the crucial moment, blocking Bai Ning Bing's attack.</p> 
<p>"Bai Ning Bing, are you crazy! You actually attacked us!!" Fairy Miao Yin broke out in cold sweat as she screamed.</p> 
<p>"No! This might be the best way." Black Tigress' expression was shaken but she quickly understood it.</p> 
<p>Fairy Miao Yin was dazed, soon, she also got it.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei was once the leader of Heavenly Court, she knew everything about Heavenly Court. She had informed Ying Wu Xie and the rest about the details of the Immortal Gu Houses, Miao Yin, Bai Ning Bing, and White Rabbit were naturally not kept in the dark.</p> 
<p>Because earlier, even though Spectral Soul led them, Fairy Zi Wei and the rest did not have an Immortal Gu House, they were weaker compared to Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Thus, Fairy Zi Wei used information to make up for this gap.</p> 
<p>Gu Yue Fang Zheng understood Bai Ning Bing and the rest quite well, but similarly, Bai Ning Bing and the rest also had a good understanding of Fang Zheng and Demon Judgment Board.</p> 
<p>Especially the Immortal Gu House, its methods were difficult to change after creation, the more exceptional the Immortal Gu House, the more likely this was the case.</p> 
<p>Why?</p> 
<p>Taking Demon Judgment Board for an example, it was a top tier rank eight Immortal Gu House. Its abilities had reached the limit of a certain aspect, it was extremely hard to modify. Even if there were any good ideas, they might not be experimented on regarding this Immortal Gu House. Demon Judgment Board was extremely complex and was made of countless Gu worms. A single modification would change the entire structure, it would mean a complete makeover, that was as good as creating a new Immortal Gu House from scratch.</p> 
<p>Fairy Miao Yin was not stupid, she had just failed to react at the first moment.</p> 
<p>Now, she started to understand: "Southern Border's Tie clan has Demon Suppression Tower, it most excels at imprisonment, but Heavenly Court's Demon Judgment Board does not use such methods. Heavenly Court must have ordered Fang Zheng to capture us all alive. Thus, when fighting, Fang Zheng is very restricted, only against Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Calamity Luck Altar earlier, he used his full strength!"</p> 
<p>As for why he wanted to capture them, the answer was obvious — to find Fang Yuan!</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei had constructed the wisdom path formation in front of all these Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, finally managing to deduce Fang Yuan's location. Why would Qin Ding Ling not know about their value?</p> 
<p>Using this as the starting point, Fairy Miao Yin soon guessed: "It seems that Fang Yuan escaped successfully, Heavenly Court wants to capture us and use us to find Fang Yuan in the future. Even though they lack a wisdom path great expert now, Central Continent's ten great sects did not suffer losses, they have many wisdom path candidates. Furthermore, Fairy Zi Wei's true inheritance has already been contributed to Heavenly Court, the wisdom path formation is likely part of the inheritance."</p> 
<p>Thinking of this, Fairy Miao Yin thought of Bai Ning Bing and gritted her teeth: "Bai Ning Bing, you lunatic!"</p> 
<p>But at the next moment, Fairy Miao Yin stared with her eyes wide open.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing's insanity was beyond what she had expected, she actually dispelled the killer move Bai Xiang, she returned to a body of flesh and blood!</p> 
<p>"Come, Fang Zheng, attack me!" Bai Ning Bing shouted as she moved like a white light, circling around Demon Judgment Board as she shot out countless icicles.</p> 
<p>The icicles landed on Demon Judgment Board but could not penetrate it, only leaving behind some icy marks.</p> 
<p>"Hahaha!" Black Tigress laughed loudly, she did the same thing as Bai Ning Bing, dispelling her defense and joining the battle.</p> 
<p>"She went insane too!" Miao Yin sighed.</p> 
<p>Black Tigress was ruthless and vicious, her nature was the opposite of White Rabbit. When she resolved herself, she even disregarded her own life.</p> 
<p>The three immortals attacked Demon Judgment Board, especially Bai Ning Bing and Black Tigress who gave up on defense, they invested all of their energy into attacking, Fang Zheng was actually feeling quite troubled.</p> 
<p>He wanted to capture these three female immortals alive, he did not want to kill them. Qin Ding Ling had already informed him, it would be best to get more clues to deduce Fang Yuan's location. If one of them was killed, it could lead to a failure in the deduction next time. Fang Zheng knew the heavy responsibility on him.</p> 
<p>But the Immortal Gu House Demon Judgment Board's weakest aspect was the lack of methods to capture others. When Demon Judgment Board was created, which person in Heavenly Court would consider this aspect?</p> 
<p>Demon Judgment Board, naturally by looking at its name, it meant killing demonic path Gu cultivators. What was the point of capturing them?</p> 
<p>In this aspect,, Qin Ding Ling seemed to have made a mistake in asking Demon Judgment Board to capture them, but she had no other choices at the moment.</p> 
<p>Among Heavenly Court's Immortal Gu Houses, Demon Judgment Board had the strongest investigative ability. Even though Fang Zheng's cultivation level was low, Demon Judgment Board had an abundance of rank eight immortal essence and the wills of the past Demon Judgment Board Lords, it could display its full battle strength!</p> 
<p>However, all Immortal Gu Houses had a fatal weakness, they were not flexible enough in terms of methods.</p> 
<p>Demon Judgment Board was no exception, it was a final product that could not be altered. After it was created, its methods had always been the same until now, there had been no changes.</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng fell into an awkward spot.</p> 
<p>Using Demon Judgment Board, he had the upper hand, Bai Ning Bing and the rest were not his match. But just Demon Judgment Board alone could not capture them alive.</p> 
<p>In terms of flexibility of methods, Gu Immortals far surpassed Immortal Gu Houses.</p> 
<p>In the past, when facing this situation, the Demon Judgment Board Lords would take action personally. But Fang Zheng only had rank seven cultivation level, if he left Demon Judgment Board, Bai Ning Bing and the rest would be able to turn this around.</p> 
<p>Right now, if Fang Zheng had a rank eight Gu Immortal helping him, it would be sufficient.</p> 
<p>But why would he be given an assistant?</p> 
<p>In the eyes of Qin Ding Ling and the rest, wasn't Demon Judgment Board enough? He still needed more help?</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court's manpower was extremely lacking now, they could not deal with the situation easily.</p> 
<p>"No, Lady Qin Ding Ling's arrangement was logical, but I actually encountered two lunatics! It made the logical deployment completely illogical." Fang Zheng thought.</p> 
<p>Who would be so crazy as to give up on defense against a strong enemy and only choose to attack?</p> 
<p>Wasn't that courting death?</p> 
<p>But Bai Ning Bing and Black Tigress did that.</p> 
<p>And amazingly, the results were quite favorable for them.</p> 
<p>During the intense battle, Bai Ning Bing laughed loudly: "Gu Yue Fang Zheng, don't you want revenge? Kill me, don't you want to kill me? Come take action!"</p> 
<p>Gu Yue Fang Zheng was silent.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing continued to provoke him: "This is why you are just a dog that Heavenly Court adopted. Your enemy is right in front of you but you do not even have the courage to try killing me. You are far inferior to your brother Fang Yuan!"</p> 
<p>Hearing her provocative speech, not just Fairy Miao Yin, even Black Tigress was stunned.</p> 
<p>She thought: "Hmph, I thought I was crazy enough to give up my defense. But looking at Bai Ning Bing, I pale in comparison."</p> 
<p>Fairy Miao Yin and Black Tigress were very worried while Gu Yue Fang Zheng fell into silence.</p> 
<p>Hearing Gu Yue Fang Yuan's name again, he could not help but raise his head, looking at the blood text above his head.</p> 
<p>The blood text formed into a giant name list, the rankings and names on it changed constantly.</p> 
<p>Not long ago, Spectral Soul, who stood at the top of the list, vanished, replacing him was the person at the second position —</p> 
<p>Gu Yue Fang Yuan!</p> 
<p>Defeated Heavenly Court, destroyed Fate, killed Spectral Soul!</p> 
<p>The number one demon of the five regions and two heavens!!</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng smiled bitterly.</p> 
<p>Regardless of time and place, even though he was the great Demon Judgment Board Lord, Fang Yuan's name was still hanging above his head, Fang Yuan was still casting a shadow down on his life.</p> 
<p>"Killing everyone on the Demon Judgment Board list is the grand ambition of the past generations of owners. But I know that I am not Fang Yuan's match. For all my life, I could only look at his shadow and hear about his legends. But..."</p> 
<p>"Bai Ning Bing!"</p> 
<p>"You are merely ranked twenty-seventh on this list."</p> 
<p>"Do you really think I won't dare to kill you?"</p> 
<p>"Where does your confidence come from?!"</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng shouted loudly as Demon Judgment Board charged ahead as he spoke, in a breath of time, he arrived in front of Bai Ning Bing.</p> 
<p>Intense winds blew towards her.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing had no time to dodge, at the next moment, Demon Judgment Board would crush her entire body to a pulp, she would die undoubtedly!</p> 
<p>"No!" Fairy Miao Yin shouted in her head as her seven hands moved, shooting out profound sounds.</p> 
<p>The profound sounds were multi-layered and attacked rapidly but they could not stop Demon Judgment Board.</p> 
<p>Black Tigress spat out a mouthful of blood, she activated a method to block it but Demon Judgment Board still rampaged unhindered.</p> 
<p>The two immortals could only watch in despair as Demon Judgment Board crashed into Bai Ning Bing and pressed down on her harshly!</p>
    </body>
</html>
