<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 2263: Selling to the Point of Bankruptcy</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 2263: Selling to the Point of Bankruptcy</h1>
        <p>Tie Qu Zhong nodded his head repeatedly, he looked at Tie Ruo Nan with an unconcealed gaze</p>
<p>of appreciation.</p>
<p>Previously, when Tie Qu Zhong heard that Tie Mian Shen chose Tie Ruo Nan to inherit the Iron</p>
<p>Mask true inheritance, he had some doubts.</p>
<p>But over this period of interaction, Tie Qu Zhong fully approved of Tie Ruo Nan, he felt that she</p>
<p>was the rising star with most potential in this generation.</p>
<p>“Tie Ruo Nan, it is great that you have such a deep awareness of the situation.”</p>
<p>“Fang Yuan is evil, he seized my immortal aperture and forced me to use second aperture to</p>
<p>cultivate, causing me to be dependent on him. My future is ruined, my prospects are bleak. But</p>
<p>you have bright prospects. Your current accumulation is already enough to undergo immortal</p>
<p>ascension!” Tie Qu Zhong said in a gratified tone.</p>
<p>Tie Ruo Nan did not pretend to be modest: ”Yes. I was in closed cultivation inside Demon</p>
<p>Suppression Tower recently, I have consulted many seniors in the clan regarding their immortal</p>
<p>ascension experience, I am 80-90% confident in passing the immortal ascension!”</p>
<p>“Good. But you need to slow down a little. The two heavens are merging, causing constant</p>
<p>turbulence and heaven’s will to be chaotic, you will suffer losses if you undergo immortal</p>
<p>ascension at this time. The opportunity of natural inspiration comes only once in a lifetime, but it</p>
<p>is very important.” Tie Qu Zhong instructed.</p>
<p>“Oh? I would like to hear the details.”</p>
<p>Tie Qu Zhong explained: ”In the process of natural inspiration, a Gu cultivator can question</p>
<p>heaven’s will and obtain an answer. If the question is too difficult and surpasses the limits of</p>
<p>heaven and earth, you won’t obtain any answer.”</p>
<p>“For instance, if you ask for a method of eternal life during natural inspiration, heaven and earth</p>
<p>has no way to answer you.”</p>
<p>“If the question is too simple, the Gu cultivator can obtain an answer, but they will not be making</p>
<p>the best use of this precious opportunity. That will be extremely unfortunate.”</p>
<p>“The ideal situation is to ask a question of moderate difficulty and obtain a perfect answer. But</p>
<p>this situation is too rare, and we have no way to grasp it.”</p>
<p>“So, the most mature method is to ask a slightly more difficult question. As such, the answer will</p>
<p>be correct but not complete as it will be lacking a small portion.”</p>
<p>“The remaining portion can be completed through deductions using manpower and material</p>
<p>resources in the future.”</p>
<p>“This is the most effective way to use natural inspiration.”</p>
<p>Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes shined as she asked: ”Then how can I judge the difficulty of these</p>
<p>questions?”</p>
<p>“Generally speaking, asking about Immortal Gu recipes of common rank seven Immortal Gu is</p>
<p>the standard for this. Any Gu worms related to &lt;&lt;The Legends of Ren Zu&gt;&gt; are not ordinary</p>
<p>Gu.”</p>
<p>“Besides this, ask about things closely related to you. For instance, you cultivate metal path, ask</p>
<p>questions relating to metal path. But if you ask about earth path or other paths, the effect will be</p>
<p>low. And you need to be very careful if you want to ask about things relating to dream path.”</p>
<p>At the same time.</p>
<p>Southern Border.</p>
<p>Iron Tooth Mountain.</p>
<p>In a nameless cave.</p>
<p>Wu Yong cupped his fists and greeted with a smile: ”I brought some good wine this time.”</p>
<p>In front of Wu Yong was an old Gu Immortal. He was sitting cross-legged on the ground, he</p>
<p>slowly opened his eyes like he had just woken up.</p>
<p>The old man sighed: ”Lord Wu Yong, this is the third time you have paid me a visit. You are a</p>
<p>rank eight Gu cultivator, the alliance leader of Southern Alliance, but have given such special</p>
<p>treatment to a mere rank seven Gu Immortal like me.”</p>
<p>“I understand your intention, but I only want to cultivate in seclusion, I have no wish to</p>
<p>participate in the struggles and conflicts of the world.”</p>
<p>“Your wine is fragrant, but I don’t have the fortune to enjoy it.”</p>
<p>This old man was a secluded cultivator, he cultivated wisdom path and was called Forgotten</p>
<p>Daoist.</p>
<p>Wu clan specialized in wind path, they had no advantages in wisdom path.</p>
<p>Wu Yong had been looking for reliable talents. When he learned that Forgotten Daoist was living</p>
<p>on Iron Tooth Mountain, he personally visited three times to recruit him.</p>
<p>Wu Yong said grimly: ”Friend, you are wrong. Right now, the two heavens are merging, the war</p>
<p>of the five regions is almost before us. Who can possibly stay out of it?”</p>
<p>“Even if you are unwilling to conflict with others, in this chaotic world, there are always people</p>
<p>who want to cause trouble, like Western Desert’s Fang clan.”</p>
<p>“With some support from Fang Yuan, Fang clan decisively invaded Wan clan, causing Wan</p>
<p>clan’s first supreme elder to perish in battle.”</p>
<p>“This is the signal of the upcoming chaotic world.”</p>
<p>“Even if Heavenly Court supported Wan clan to victory, what is the main difference between Star</p>
<p>Constellation Immortal Venerable and Fang Yuan?”</p>
<p>“As a wisdom path Gu cultivator, you must have understood it.”</p>
<p>Forgotten Daoist heaved a long sigh: ”It is better to be a dog during peaceful times, than a man</p>
<p>involved in brutal chaos. In the present world, Great Love Immortal Venerable, Star</p>
<p>Constellation Immortal Venerable, and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable are leading an ultimate</p>
<p>force of a region each. They have robust foundation, they can easily topple the balance</p>
<p>between super forces. As for you, Wu Yong, you can hardly restrain your excitement and urge to</p>
<p>make a move, but I can only see misery in this.”</p>
<p>“Lord Wu Yong, you don’t need to urge me anymore, please leave.”</p>
<p>Wu Yong sighed, he could only hold his expectations for the future. After looking at Forgotten</p>
<p>Daoist, he left while feeling it was a deep pity.</p>
<p>This world was huge.</p>
<p>There was Shi Zhong who worked hard and tried to refine Immortal Gu, there was also Xiao Qi</p>
<p>Xing who used his great-grandfather’s help to attempt a rank seven vital Gu even before</p>
<p>advancing to Gu Immortal.</p>
<p>There was Nu Er Tu, who already advanced to a Gu Immortal with the clan’s help, there was</p>
<p>also a Gu Master, Tie Ruo Nan, who cultivated metal path, she obtained her senior’s guidance</p>
<p>and learned of the secret of natural inspiration.</p>
<p>There was Wu Yong with great ambition, and also Forgotten Daoist, who was content with living</p>
<p>in seclusion and was unwilling to get involved in disputes.</p>
<p>And finally, there was a super force whose future was dark and currently faced a precarious</p>
<p>situation — Fang clan.</p>
<p>In Fang clan headquarters.</p>
<p>The atmosphere was heavy in the discussion hall.</p>
<p>Fang clan lost.</p>
<p>Their losses were severe!</p>
<p>What should they do?</p>
<p>Be it Fang Gong, Fang Di Chang, or Fang Leng and Fang Yun, their mood was extremely</p>
<p>heavy.</p>
<p>Wan Gu Chou reclaimed all the lost territories of Wan clan, but the anti-Fang alliance was still</p>
<p>there.</p>
<p>If not for the alliance discussing about the distribution of spoils, they would have already</p>
<p>attacked Fang clan.</p>
<p>Although Fang clan still had the strength to fight, their hope of winning was negligible.</p>
<p>Right at this time, Lu Wei Yin suddenly paid a visit.</p>
<p>The Fang clan immortals were moved.</p>
<p>“Quick, invite him in!” Fang Gong had just finished speaking, when he stood up, ”No, come with</p>
<p>me, we will welcome him together.”</p>
<p>Fang clan’s immortals invited Lu Wei Yin into the hall.</p>
<p>Lu Wei Yin saw the dejected expressions of Fang clan immortals: ”Everlasting sorrow is indeed</p>
<p>an amazing killer move. According to what I know, everlasting sorrow is a compound killer move</p>
<p>created from time path and wisdom path. Once the target’s feelings are influenced by this killer</p>
<p>move, their lifespan will decrease rapidly. The decreased lifespan will strengthen the killer</p>
<p>move’s power, making the sorrowful emotions even more violent. The emotions will shroud the</p>
<p>heart, and the target’s battle intent will fall to a minimum.”</p>
<p>Fang Hua Sheng sighed: ”This killer move is a lot different from the historical records. I tried my</p>
<p>best to treat it, but there are still many negative emotions left in our hearts, they can only</p>
<p>dissipate slowly with time.”</p>
<p>Lu Wei Yin laughed: ”Don’t worry, I brought a special Immortal Gu this time, please try it.”</p>
<p>Saying so, he gave an Immortal Gu to Fang Di Chang.</p>
<p>This was a rank seven wisdom path Immortal Gu.</p>
<p>After Fang Di Chang activated it with much difficulty, the Immortal Gu let out a profound light</p>
<p>that covered his whole body.</p>
<p>After a while, Fang Di Chang recovered his mental state. His body was relaxed and the</p>
<p>sorrowful emotions that shrouded his heart were already gone.</p>
<p>“This is a good Immortal Gu.” Fang Di Chang praised.</p>
<p>Lu Wei Yin continued his words: ”My alliance leader knows of Fang clan’s defeat, so he</p>
<p>specially refined this Immortal Gu. With this wisdom path Immortal Gu, it is easy to remove the</p>
<p>remnant power of the killer move everlasting sorrow.”</p>
<p>“Besides this Immortal Gu, there are also several killer moves with it as the core. One of them</p>
<p>can even defend against everlasting sorrow, albeit with difficulty.”</p>
<p>“You only need to pay a super resource point to buy them all.”</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang smiled bitterly and was about to speak.</p>
<p>But Lu Wei Yin added: ”No need to grieve, my friends. I know Fang clan lost Fang Dong Xi and</p>
<p>Fang An Lei in this battle. This is a disastrous loss for Fang clan!”</p>
<p>“But no worries. Heavenly Court has methods to revive Wan Gu Chou, how can my Lord Fang</p>
<p>Yuan not have them?”</p>
<p>“You only need to pay two giant resource points for Lord Alliance Leader to revive those two, but</p>
<p>their cultivation will be at rank six.”</p>
<p>This time, the Fang clan immortals’ expressions changed.</p>
<p>“Really? Can An Lei really be revived?” Fang Chen was very excited.</p>
<p>He was Fang clan’s son-in-law, Fang An Lei was his wife.</p>
<p>Lu Wei Yin smiled: ”In the previous transactions with your clan, there was one transaction which</p>
<p>asked for your human qi. These portions of human qi are the key to reviving you.”</p>
<p>“There are no issues with the revival. Not only this, there is also no issue with restoring the</p>
<p>cultivation of those two to rank seven. You just need to add two additional giant resource</p>
<p>points.”</p>
<p>“Naturally, if you want those two’s cultivation to be raised to rank eight, that is also possible. As</p>
<p>long as you can afford it, with the vast powers of our Lord Alliance Leader, you will not be</p>
<p>disappointed.”</p>
<p>“Even rank eight cultivation level can be transacted?” Fang Gong was stunned.</p>
<p>The other Fang clan Gu Immortals had complicated expressions.</p>
<p>Rank eight cultivation level had once been the highest achievement, but in the last few decades,</p>
<p>pseudo venerables took the stage one after the other, venerables also started reviving. The</p>
<p>status of rank eight cultivation fell again and again.</p>
<p>Now, rank eight cultivation had become a commodity to be transacted at will!</p>
<p>This made the Fang clan immortals become somewhat dazed.</p>
<p>Lu Wei Yin looked around and asked: ”You still don’t get it? The world has already undergone</p>
<p>an intense change ever since the destruction of fate Gu.”</p>
<p>“This is true for Immortal Gu Houses, rank eight Gu Immortals, and even venerables.”</p>
<p>“This change can be said to completely flip societal norms, even super forces will only be a</p>
<p>ripple in the waves of time if they cannot adapt to this change, wiped out in just a moment.”</p>
<p>Fang Di Chang narrowed his eyes: ”Lord Lu Wei Yin, you seem to have another meaning</p>
<p>behind your words.”</p>
<p>Lu Wei Yin chuckled: ”I will be direct then, your situation is very dangerous, how will Fang clan</p>
<p>defend against the anti-Fang alliance?”</p>
<p>“If you just defend, no matter how much more powerful the immortal formation you possess, you</p>
<p>will only be delaying your destruction.”</p>
<p>“You can only deal with this intense change by taking drastic measures!”</p>
<p>“Naturally, the choice belongs to you. Lord Alliance Leader will not personally interfere in</p>
<p>Western Desert’s internal battle. But if I were you, I would sell all the resource points to</p>
<p>exchange for Immortal Gu, immortal materials, and revive Fang clan’s Gu Immortals.”</p>
<p>Fang Gong’s and Fang Di Chang’s pupils shrunk slightly.</p>
<p>The remaining Gu Immortals were in an uproar.</p>
<p>“How can we do that? Such an action is too unfilial.”</p>
<p>“Our Fang clan’s foundation will be gone without these resource points.”</p>
<p>“If we do this, how can we face our ancestors when we die?!”</p>
<p>“This is my Fang clan’s foundation!”</p>
<p>The Fang clan immortals reacted agitatedly, looking at Lu Wei Yin with hatred and ferocity.</p>
<p>Lu Wei Yin shrugged his shoulders, saying calmly: ”Whether you sell or not, it is up to you. I am</p>
<p>only giving a small suggestion.”</p>
<p>“We will sell.” Fang Di Chang’s voice was extremely hoarse.</p>
<p>Fang Gong did not retort, he kept silent.</p>
<p>“Lord Fang Di Chang!!” Some Fang clan Gu Immortals stood up in agitation.</p>
<p>But Fang Di Chang’s next sentence silenced these Gu Immortals completely.</p>
<p>“If we don’t sell the resource points, are you able to defend them?”</p>
    </body>
</html>