<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 652: Seeing Wisdom Gu Again</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 652: Seeing Wisdom Gu Again</h1>
        
        <p>There was only Fang Yuan left in the cave, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had already left.</p> 
<p>He sat on the stone bench, his eight monstrous arms were hanging down, some were behind his back, some were crossed, together with his huge body, just by sitting, he gave off a mountainous aura, it gave people fear.</p> 
<p>As for the way to deal with Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Fang Yuan had considered it deeply.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan only trusted himself, he would never truly trust others.</p> 
<p>If he killed Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he would obtain man as before Gu and landscape as before Gu, as well as his rank six time path immortal aperture. But this was not maximising his benefits.</p> 
<p>He could not deny the fact that Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a very useful chess piece.</p> 
<p>This 'useful' was in two aspects.</p> 
<p>Firstly, he was worth using. Before he became an immortal, he was a famous healing Gu Master in northern plains. Now that he was a rank six time path Gu Immortal with a high grade blessed land, and don't forget, he was even a flying master, he had great value if exploited.</p> 
<p>The second aspect was that he was easy to control. Fang Yuan had once searched his soul, thus he knew about Tai Bai Yun Sheng's life experience clearly. Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a kind-hearted man, he was conscientious and knew how to repay favors. He was indebted to Fang Yuan, because he had been helped several times in True Yang Building, especially during the final moment when he was rescued from the wind veil of assimilation, and even had his two Immortal Gu returned to him, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had placed his complete trust in Fang Yuan now.</p> 
<p>This point could be seen when Tai Bai Yun Sheng chose his seat earlier.</p> 
<p>There were many boulders in the cave. Fang Yuan had such an ugly appearance and was so huge, normal people who got close to Fang Yuan would feel great pressure and would subconsciously keep a distance from him. But Tai Bai Yun Sheng purposely chose a seat that was closest to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>This meant that in his heart, Fang Yuan was one of the closest people to him, he was not afraid that Fang Yuan would cause any harm to him.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng had once harmed Gao Yang and Zhu Zai, this was the most important point!</p> 
<p>His survival instincts took over his reasoning, this was something very natural. After that incident, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was filled with guilt and could not forget it. His appearance was haggard and he was mentally tortured. After Fang Yuan's entrapment, he had almost gone crazy and rushed his immortal ascension, his original intention was to die.</p> 
<p>Attempting suicide because of his guilt, one could see how powerful his conscience was.</p> 
<p>By coincidence, Tai Bai Yun Sheng received the help of Giant Sun's will and successfully became a Gu Immortal, before falling unconscious.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan used the glass owner token, entering the round of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building he was placed in and woke him up. At this crucial moment, he told Tai Bai Yun Sheng about the 'secret' of their master. This precisely hit a weak point within Tai Bai Yun Sheng's mental state.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng denied his own self, thus he was in great agony and was very lost.</p> 
<p>But at this moment, Fang Yuan appeared, giving him a group of apprentices and an organisation to provide him a sense of belonging, it gave him a feeling of protection and warmth. Next, Fang Yuan entered and exited his time path immortal aperture, casually asking him to take care of his Immortal Gu, this gave him the initial confidence.</p> 
<p>In addition, during their encounters and difficulties in True Yang Building, all that had happened gave Tai Bai Yun Sheng a good reason to fully trust Fang Yuan. In a way, he had to thank Mo Yao for interfering with his own mind, otherwise, how could he have obtained Tai Bai Yun Sheng's unconditional trust?</p> 
<p>"Tai Bai Yun Sheng caused the death of Gao Yang and Zhu Zai, this greatly violated his values and beliefs, he harboured extreme guilt. He felt that he was not such a person, yet he committed such an act. Now that I am his benefactor, he is indebted to me, he will definitely repay me a hundredfold or even a thousandfold. This is not only because he knows to repay favors, but also because this is a chance for him to prove that he is a good person!" Fang Yuan calmly analyzed.</p> 
<p>Bad people would not repay favors, in fact, they would even return the favor with ill intentions. In the future, the more Tai Bai Yun Sheng sacrifices for Fang Yuan, the more it would prove that he is a good person. That way, this can cancel out the guilt he felt towards Gao Yang and Zhu Zai. This touched upon the psychological studies from Earth, including the balance theory and compensation mentality.</p> 
<p>In a way, Fang Yuan gave Tai Bai Yun Sheng a chance to prove himself once more, and a reason for him to continue living.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan knew this clearly, thus when he saved Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he even returned Man as Before and Landscape as Before, these two Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>"I have way too many Immortal Gu, it is very costly to feed them. At this point, leaving Man as Before and Landscape as Before to Tai Bai Yun Sheng is undoubtedly better. At the same time, my immortal aperture is dead, it cannot produce immortal essence. I only have nineteen beads of green grape immortal essence, the more I use them, the fewer I have left. Although I can use some of Bai Hu's immortal essence, isn't it best if I can make use of Tai Bai Yun Sheng's green grape immortal essence instead?"</p> 
<p>Thinking of the cost of feeding Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan felt a headache.</p> 
<p>Raising a Gu worm was like supporting a mistress, Gu Masters are often unable to afford it or maintain their upkeep. Ever since Fang Yuan had Hu Immortal blessed land, he had no problems feeding mortal Gu. But now that he had so many Immortal Gu, not even Hu Immortal blessed land could afford such high costs.</p> 
<p>This was a blissful worry!</p> 
<p>Many Gu Immortals did not have a single Immortal Gu, they were still looking for one. In Fang Yuan's previous life, he also struggled to refine one, Spring Autumn Cicada, after he finally succeeded after numerous difficulties, he was forced to self-detonate.</p> 
<p>Right now, Fang Yuan was racking his brain, trying to think of how to feed so many Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan sat silently, attempting to find some inspiration from his previous life's memories, after trying for a while, he gave up.</p> 
<p>"Sigh, after becoming a zombie, my cognition has truly slowed down. Earlier when speaking to Tai Bai Yun Sheng, I could feel my thoughts moving slowly. Right now, my thinking speed cannot keep up with my original pace."</p> 
<p>He summoned the land spirit, Little Hu Immortal: "How is wisdom Gu? Where is it now?"</p> 
<p>Little Hu Immortal was the blessed land's land spirit, she could understand everything that was happening in the blessed land.</p> 
<p>"Master, wisdom Gu had gone deep underground since it was brought here by you. It found a rockman cave and is currently slumbering inside." Little Hu Immortal closed her eyes, after sensing for a while, she opened her giant watery eyes and said this.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan nodded, ordering: "Bring me there."</p> 
<p>The cave that wisdom Gu was in was rather big, after Fang Yuan was brought over by Little Hu Immortal, he could still move about freely.</p> 
<p>Sensing that Fang Yuan had arrived, wisdom Gu shone with a five colored light.</p> 
<p>Little Hu Immortal sat on Fang Yuan's shoulder, staring at wisdom Gu curiously.</p> 
<p>This was the rank nine wisdom Gu!</p> 
<p>Although Little Hu Immortal could sense everything in the blessed land, but such a close range encounter was still very rare.</p> 
<p>"Oh wisdom Gu, I helped you to escape and saved your life. According to our earlier agreement, it is time for you to hold your end of the deal." In the dark and grey cave, Fang Yuan's voice echoed.</p> 
<p>Wisdom Gu was silent, after a few breaths' time, it floated up into the air.</p> 
<p>At the same time, it summoned the light of wisdom.</p> 
<p>"So beautiful!" Little Hu Immortal stared with shining eyes, laughing joyfully.</p> 
<p>The sphere shaped light of wisdom was shining in many colors, it engulfed Fang Yuan and Little Hu Immortal.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan could instantly feel many of his thoughts colliding, he could think at lightning speed, this was the result of an accelerated cognition speed.</p> 
<p>"This feeling... this is so comforting." Little Hu Immortal slowly opened her eyes wide and stared dazedly, she was immersed in the wonderful feeling of being in the light of wisdom.</p> 
<p>But after a few breaths' time, her body started fading.</p> 
<p>"Little Hu Immortal, you were formed from obsession, although fused with the heavenly power, you are still restricted by the wisdom Gu. You cannot stay here for long, quickly go back." Fang Yuan stretched out a finger, pointing at Little Hu Immortal's head, waking her up.</p> 
<p>Little Hu Immortal hugged her head, her white cheeks turned red with excitement.</p> 
<p>"Master, master, I can't believe I could become so smart. Wisdom Gu is amazing!" She shouted, like a child who had found new toys, she was overjoyed.</p> 
<p>"Master is most amazing, you could even get wisdom Gu! Just let me stay here a bit longer, is that okay?" She started bootlicking Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed heartily: "It seems that wisdom Gu had made you think more, quickly get out." Saying so, his two fingers pressed on Little Hu Immortal's head.</p> 
<p>Little Hu Immortal's cute, tiny head was squeezed by Fang Yuan's finger, as he pressed again and again.</p> 
<p>Little Hu Immortal pouted slightly as she shook her head: "Master, I am going to leave."</p> 
<p>She did not dare to disobey Fang Yuan's words, she vanished with a flash.</p> 
<p>The cave was quiet again, Fang Yuan did not sit down, since the zombie's body was extremely hard and tough, there was no difference in feeling between sitting or standing.</p> 
<p>He stood in the halo, the first thing he did was to inspect Mo Yao's will which was suppressed in his immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>Mo Yao's will was unaffected by the light of wisdom.</p> 
<p>Even though he had confirmed this earlier in the wind veil of assimilation, Fang Yuan's heart was finally at ease after confirming it once again.</p> 
<p>"Once the immortal aperture is formed, it is a small world. The walls of the immortal aperture are the walls of heaven and earth. It isolates the inside and outside, there is almost no outside force that can influence the small world inside."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan shut his bright red eyes as he started to think and ponder.</p> 
<p>He had become a zombie, the production of thoughts in his mind had become much slower, and his cognition had also slowed. But the light of wisdom could cause his thoughts to collide at an increased speed, as they collided, he would expend a lot of thoughts in a short period of time.</p> 
<p>If he was another ordinary zombie basking in this light, although he would turn smarter for a moment, he would become an idiot immediately afterwards.</p> 
<p>But there were wills in Fang Yuan's mind.</p> 
<p>These wills were all formed from wisdom path Gu worms, they could think.</p> 
<p>Earlier, in order to deal with Mo Yao, Fang Yuan had delved into wisdom path and bought many different Gu worms like special will Gu, deliberate will Gu, sharp intent Gu and so on. These wills all helped him at the last moments of his journey in northern plains.</p> 
<p>Right now, Fang Yuan's brain could no longer keep up, he had to use these wills as replacements.</p> 
<p>His primeval essence was limitless, thus his wills were also near infinite. Under the light of wisdom, the originally stable wills all melted like snow in sunlight, they were shrinking.</p> 
<p>What followed after was the appearance of flashes of inspiration, and his old memories were becoming clearer. As long as Fang Yuan concentrated and recalled his memories, these huge amounts of memories would vividly play out again in his mind.</p> 
<p>At this moment, the world seemed brighter.</p> 
<p>Even before he had truly thought of the result, Fang Yuan already had many different ideas to resolve the problem. As long as he followed these methods, Fang Yuan was sure that he would be able to find the most suitable method to solve this problem!</p>
    </body>
</html>
