<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 683: Hei Lou Lan&apos;s Immortal Ascension (1/3)</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 683: Hei Lou Lan&apos;s Immortal Ascension (1/3)</h1>
        
        <p>"Underworld jellyfish... deepsea lightning eels... you actually managed to gather these ingredients." Fang Yuan inspected the goods as he looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng in surprise.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng had singlehandedly obtained the food to feed worldly wave trace Gu without any issue!</p> 
<p>This was out of Fang Yuan's expectations.</p> 
<p>"When I displayed landscape as before Immortal Gu, I was greatly welcomed by many Gu Immortals. They took the initiative to interact with me, at the moment, there are already Gu Immortals who have invited me to join Hai Shi blessed land. However, this matter can only be approved after half of the elders in Hai Shi blessed land agree." Tai Bai Yun Sheng said.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan nodded, Hai Shi blessed land was the biggest lone cultivator force in eastern sea.</p> 
<p>Gu cultivators that joined Hai Shi blessed land were mostly lone cultivators, but this was different from northern plains' Snowy Mountain blessed land.</p> 
<p>Snowy Mountain blessed land was the base camp of demonic path cultivators, they were at odds with the righteous path forces. But Hai Shi blessed land mixed both demonic and righteous path members, there were even more Gu Immortals here than in Snowy Mountain, and there were many different factions which together controlled the largest market in eastern sea. Precisely because of this, Hai Shi blessed land became the most popular spot for Gu Immortals to sell their loot.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a lone cultivator, his landscape as before Immortal Gu was much needed by many Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>But Gu worms were hard to snatch, one thought from Tai Bai Yun Sheng would destroy Landscape as Before. It was completely understandable that the Gu Immortals wanted to make Tai Bai Yun Sheng one of their own.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng continued: "I bought sufficient underworld jellyfish in Hai Shi blessed land. After getting your letter, I left Hai Shi blessed land, searching for a secluded island to use stargate Gu. But by coincidence, I met an immortal zombie who called himself Shark Demon, he was a member of Zombie Alliance, and was bringing large amounts of goods to Hai Shi blessed land to sell."</p> 
<p>"He had many deepsea lightning eels with him, if these eels were sold in Hai Shi blessed land, there would certainly be many buyers. I approached him and asked if I could purchase them. Shark Demon was unwilling at first and had a terrible attitude. But after knowing I was Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he changed his mind. He was willing to sell the deepsea lightning eels to me, but I had to help him repair a secret blessed land. I agreed to his request, and obtained the deepsea lightning eels without spending any immortal essence stones."</p> 
<p>"This Shark Demon actually trusted you this much?" Fang Yuan heard this and frowned deeply.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng laughed, replying nonchalantly: "Oh, he had a rule path Immortal Gu called Death Sentence Awaits. I cooperated with him and accepted the use of Death Sentence Awaits, obtaining his trust."</p> 
<p>"Death Sentence Awaits is a rank seven Immortal Gu that belongs to the rule path, it can set a person's time of death. Once the time was up, even a Gu Immortal would die." Fang Yuan's frown intensified.</p> 
<p>"That is right, this Shark Demon is a rank seven immortal zombie." Tai Bai Yun Sheng chuckled.</p> 
<p>"Old Bai, you are handing him your weakness. Actually, even without food to feed the Immortal Gu, it would have been fine for the moment." Fang Yuan looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng, sighing.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng laughed, patting Fang Yuan's leg, his height was obviously not enough to reach Fang Yuan's shoulders.</p> 
<p>He purposely explained: "Do you think I did it for you? No. That secret blessed land is not owned by Shark Demon, it is Yu Lu blessed land. Fairy Yu Lu was the second disciple of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable. It is a pity that Yu Lu blessed land's entrance had already been destroyed. Shark Demon needs my Landscape as Before to restore the entrance. I used this opportunity to gain his trust and also a chance to explore Yu Lu blessed land."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng deeply in the eye, not continuing this conversation.</p> 
<p>Two days later, the six headed snake's large skeleton had completed melted in the blood pool, Fang Yuan obtained a great amount of black blood.</p> 
<p>He fed calamity beckoning Immortal Gu this black blood, before using Tai Bai Yun Sheng's jellyfish and eels to feed worldly wave trace Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng had indeed helped Fang Yuan greatly.</p> 
<p>In an intense battle, worldly wave trace Immortal Gu would definitely be needed, after feeding this Gu, Fang Yuan could use it without worries.</p> 
<p>Checking his assets, Fang Yuan still had twenty-nine and a half immortal essence stones, as well as seventeen green grape immortal essence beads.</p> 
<p>Without hesitation, he used almost all his immortal essence stones and converted them into his green grape immortal essence. He now had forty-six green grape immortal essence beads and half an immortal essence stone.</p> 
<p>"Forty-six beads... it's not enough." Fang Yuan went to borrow from Fairy Li Shan and Lang Ya land spirit.</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan lent him thirty immortal essence stones straight away without saying anything.</p> 
<p>As for Lang Ya land spirit, after urging him for so long, he only lent fifteen.</p> 
<p>These three deals with Lang Ya land spirit did not establish too deep of a relationship. Fang Yuan had wanted to borrow Immortal Gu from him, but seeing this, he did not engage in fantasy.</p> 
<p>He converted the forty-five immortal essence stones into green grape immortal essence. At this point, he had an unprecedented amount of green grape immortal essence, ninety-one beads.</p> 
<p>The grand powers of the river of time was unstoppable by men.</p> 
<p>As time continued to pass, the day when Hei Lou Lan went through the immortal ascension tribulation had finally arrived.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng used a stargate to reach northern plains as per the agreement.</p> 
<p>Looking left and right, it was a field of snow with absolute silence. In the snowy field, Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan had long since arrived.</p> 
<p>"This place is..." Fang Yuan's gaze was hesitant.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng answered: "This is the absolute ice battlefield at the north-most part of northern plains, legend says that Reckless Savage Demon Venerable had once fought strong enemies in here and destroyed the place, creating an area of void. After the battle ended, he turned into the immemorial desolate beast ice phoenix, breathing out absolute profound ice to freeze and restore this place."</p> 
<p>"That's right." Fairy Li Shan nodded: "Because this place has little vitality, the heaven and earth qi here are not very thick."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan looked at Hei Lou Lan, smiling: "You purposely chose this place to undergo the tribulation, are you afraid that the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity would be too fierce? But without sufficient heaven and earth qi, the foundation of your immortal aperture would be affected, as well as your future potential as a Gu Immortal."</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan opened her palm, as a Gu worm appeared: "If heaven and earth qi are insufficient, we will use these Gu."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan looked over and his heart jumped: "Oh? The ancient qi path rank five Gu worm — small family qi Gu? This is the first time I've seen it. Rumors say that this Gu can absorb all sorts of qi from heaven and earth, storing them. It can advance to become the Immortal Gu Big Family Qi!"</p> 
<p>Qi path appeared before strength path, but it also declined earlier.</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan was prepared to explain, but seeing that Fang Yuan recognized it, she praised: "Fang Yuan, you are truly knowledgeable, not bad, not bad at all."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard this and his eyes shone: "This Gu worm is great! Heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities form when heaven and earth qi are too thick and accumulate. With this Gu worm, can we indirectly control the heaven and earth qi, to reduce the force of the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity?"</p> 
<p>"The immortal ascension of one of the ten extreme physiques has a terrifying heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity. Oh, if I did not obtain this small family qi Gu, I would have no confidence towards Little Lan ascending to Gu Immortal realm." Fairy Li Shan sighed, staring at Hei Lou Lan with much concern and worry.</p> 
<p>Next, her gaze flickered and she turned to Fang Yuan: "Fang Yuan, if Hei Lou Lan's ascension succeeds, you will only need to return me half the immortal essence stones you borrowed. At the same time, I will give you the recipe of small family qi Gu."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's gaze shone with joy, while Fang Yuan nodded emotionlessly.</p> 
<p>"Other than the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, what I am worried about now is that old scoundrel Hei Cheng. When I entered northern plains last time, he discovered me immediately, evidently, he has placed a tracking method on me, but I could not find it at all."</p> 
<p>After pausing for a while, Hei Lou Lan continued: "We have to make plans for the worst possible outcome, Hei Cheng's tracking method is definitely not simple. If he comes and attacks at the crucial moment, there is little possibility of me dealing with him. But if I can endure past the taking in of qi, my body would be washed by the three qi, it would be reinforced by the dao marks and cleansed completely, achieving a qualitative transformation, even if Hei Cheng used an Immortal Gu tracking method, it would be wiped clean. As long as we make it to the second step, we can leave."</p> 
<p>"I understand, you can start." Fang Yuan said.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan nodded, closing her eyes.</p> 
<p>The first step in advancing to Gu Immortal was breaking the aperture.</p> 
<p>Apertures of the ten extremes were different from ordinary apertures, the latter required the Gu Master to charge at the aperture walls to break them, but the former's aperture walls had long been over burdened.</p> 
<p>The moment Hei Lou Lan released the seal formed by Gu worms on her aperture, the ten extreme aperture shattered on its own.</p> 
<p>Her originally intact body immediately had a hole, as a huge attraction force towards the heaven and earth qi burst out.</p> 
<p>The deep blue sky started to form clouds. As the icy fields shook slightly, cracks appeared on the thick surface of the ice.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan relaxed her body, she allowed the formless force created in heaven and earth to lift her body into the air.</p> 
<p>Her skin was white and pale like snow, her black hair was let down as she wore tight fitting black clothing, showing off the curves of her body.</p> 
<p>The wind started blowing.</p> 
<p>In a dozen breaths of time, the winds were blowing wildly as the small wind became an intense storm.</p> 
<p>Clouds merged and covered the sky, looming above Hei Lou Lan. From the shattered surface of the ice, traces of smoke started rising up — this was the sign that earth qi had been drawn up above the ice ground.</p> 
<p>Soon, it started snowing in the sky.</p> 
<p>The clouds became thicker, and the color turned from grey-white to deep black.</p> 
<p>Within the entirety of the surroundings, it was completely dark.</p> 
<p>The winds blew and icy cold frost that could chill bones filled the entire area. At the same time, earth qi burst out, cracking noises erupted, earth qi gushed out into the world like a fountain.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Fairy Li Shan retreated, hiding their figures.</p> 
<p>Only Fang Yuan remained, looking at the sky. His tall body was like an immovable rock statue, the intense winds and snow could not move him at all.</p> 
<p>These were all mortal level winds and snow, no matter how big they were, they could not threaten this immortal zombie.</p> 
<p>As snow covered the lands, and intense winds blew, they became louder and louder, like the cries of demons and ghosts.</p> 
<p>"As expected of a tribulation of the ten extreme physique, the heaven and earth qi here are so thin, yet so much was still drawn. If this was any other region in northern plains, it would simply be unthinkable!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng hid far away, not showing his figure. Looking at this scene, his heart was shocked.</p> 
<p>From the winds and snow, heaven and earth qi slowly became thicker.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan started to sprinkle the small family qi Gu.</p> 
<p>These rank five Gu flew into the sky or landed on the ground, they started to absorb heaven and earth qi and store them. They greatly reduced the speed of the accumulation of heaven and earth qi.</p>
    </body>
</html>
