<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 819: Returning To The Blessed Land, Putting Up A Show</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 819: Returning To The Blessed Land, Putting Up A Show</h1>
        
        <p>It was already an extremely difficult thing for Gu Immortals to pass a regional wall.</p> 
<p>However, at this time every year, because of the earth tide, Eastern Sea's regional wall would become weaker and thinner, and Gu Immortals of Central Continent, Northern Plains and Southern Border could take this chance to enter Eastern Sea.</p> 
<p>Naturally, there were also a few Eastern Sea Gu Immortals that took this chance to enter Central Continent, Northern Plains or Southern Border.</p> 
<p>Thus, it was not a strange thing for Gu Immortals of these three regions to come to Eastern Sea.</p> 
<p>However, it was rare for Western Desert Gu Immortals to be in Eastern Sea. Western Desert and Eastern Sea were separated by the other regions in the middle. It would definitely be eye-catching if a Western Desert Gu Immortal appeared in Eastern Sea.</p> 
<p>There were five regions - Central Continent, Northern Plains, Southern Border, Western Desert and Eastern Sea. Among them, Central Continent had the highest all-around strength, with countless Gu Master sects. Southern Border was covered with hundreds of thousands of mountains. Northern Plains' terrain was flat and boundless, the tribes moved around the most and they were the most battle-hardened.</p> 
<p>And Eastern Sea was the most abundant in resources. In the vast sea areas and deep seas, countless water creatures, sea beasts, minerals and precious stones were hidden.</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortals of Central Continent, Northern Plains and Southern Border came to Eastern Sea mostly for these resources, and this situation was common. Especially Northern Plains, where battles occurred the most and resources were few, their Gu Immortals came to Eastern Sea to seek opportunities to grow, and there were also many who came to stay away from trouble.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng continued: "With your support, I have been able to make good progress in Eastern Sea, and now my immortal aperture is showing signs of instability. The earth tide is arriving, I want to take this chance to return to Northern Plains and place my blessed land down, to stabilize my immortal aperture for the earthly calamity."</p> 
<p>"So it is like that." Shark Demon nodded.</p> 
<p>"We should have thought of that. Sir Tai Bai should pay attention to safety when you leave. Maybe you can let us drop you there?" Su Bai Man suggested while smiling.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng waved his hand: "No need, no need."</p> 
<p>Shark Demon and Su Bai Man did not insist when they saw Tai Bai Yun Sheng's refusal.</p> 
<p>The regional wall would become weaker because of the earth tide, but endless tidal forces would be present at the weak area, they were like countless reefs and vortexes, and it could get very dangerous. To pass through these, one must have an accurate map of the route.</p> 
<p>This kind of map was extremely precious, it was better if the map was deduced by a wisdom path Gu Immortal, but if one did not have wisdom path methods, they could only rely on themselves to map the route through trial and error.</p> 
<p>If Tai Bai Yun Sheng let the two escort him, then wouldn't his route be revealed?</p> 
<p>Thus, Shark Demon and his wife did not insist.</p> 
<p>"After dealing with my matters in Northern Plains, I will return in the next earth tide. Maybe I can even persuade a few friends to come with me." Tai Bai Yun Sheng spoke this, as a way of preparing for Fang Yuan's appearance.</p> 
<p>"Good! Brother Tai Bai's friends are our friends, we will definitely welcome them properly!" Shark Demon laughed and said with great enthusiasm.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng bade his farewell.</p> 
<p>When Tai Bai Yun Sheng's receding figure had shrunk to the size of an ant, Su Bai Man frowned as she sent a transmission to Shark Demon: "Although the regional wall will be weakened, the earth tide is terrifying, if one is just the slightest bit careless and struck by the formless tidal forces, fractured bones would be the least of their problems, it is very possible for them to die a violent death on the spot. Did you see how relaxed Tai Bai Yun Sheng appeared, he definitely has complete confidence in his route, are we really not going to follow him? If we had this route, we could also enter Northern Plains, and even if we don't have any use for it, we can turn it over to Zombie Alliance for large amounts of contribution points and reduce the losses of this attempt."</p> 
<p>Shark Demon firmly refused: "No need. The routes are not fixed in place, after some earth tides, the formless tidal forces would change greatly, and the old routes will lose their value. Our main goal is to cooperate with him to use Man as Before for our revival. This is a long term plan and we cannot harm the good relation between us and him for small profits in the short term."</p> 
<p>"Alright, I will listen to you." Su Bai Man dispelled her thoughts, looking at her husband with a warm gaze, her zombie face, however, was somewhat terrifying.</p> 
<p>Shark Demon did not care in the slightest as he affectionately took Su Bai Man in his arms, letting her lean on his chest while he consoled her gently: "I know what you are worried about. We hold the task of attacking Yu Lu blessed land, and by using Profound Ice House, our losses have become large. But it doesn't matter, who doesn't suffer setbacks and failures as they live in this world? We still have the foundation to sustain the losses. Now we have the hope of revival, don't be afraid, no matter what the future is like, how many difficulties we face, I will always guard you by your side."</p> 
<p>"Dear..."</p> 
<p>The vast Eastern Sea and the clear sky merged into one at the horizon, and seagulls could be seen occasionally flying in the sky.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng flew through the sky without stopping.</p> 
<p>White fog lingered around his body, increasing his speed without producing any noise. Naturally, this was only a mortal killer move, and it could not compare to Fang Yuan's three pairs of true solid bat wings. And once Fang Yuan's iron crown eagle strength activated, the disparity between them would become even greater.</p> 
<p>However, this killer move had its own advantages, as the clouds covered one's body, mortals would not be able to see him.</p> 
<p>This was not yet the time of five regions chaotic war, there was a chasm between Gu Immortals and mortals. Most mortal Gu Masters had only heard of immortals and had no personal experiences with them. Many even only thought of immortals in a similar way to wispy legends.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was, after all, a Northern Plains Gu Immortal and was an outsider in Eastern Sea, thus he tried to keep a low profile.</p> 
<p>At the beginning, as per Fang Yuan's instructions, he received tasks of restoring sea areas in Hai Shi blessed land, and after making a name, he was able to get connected to Shark Demon and others. All the attempts at attacking Yu Lu blessed land essentially included him as well. Shark Demon and his wife treated him very well, which was naturally because of his Man as Before. Shark Demon possessed time anchor Immortal Gu, which, when used with Man as Before, produced a hope of revival.</p> 
<p>However, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man had no thoughts of seizing man as before Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Unless one had methods like those of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, it was almost impossible to forcibly take Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Chang Fan was so weak and Fang Yuan held such huge dominance, but at the end, Dong Fang Chang Fan self-detonated with just a thought, not giving Fang Yuan even one Immortal Gu as the spoils for battle. The difficulty of seizing Immortal Gu was evident.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng flew for a long while before he finally saw a 'grey streak' on the surface of the sea.</p> 
<p>As he approached closer, the 'grey streak' in his sight gradually enlarged. It was a small island.</p> 
<p>This island did not have a spirit spring and it was scarce in vegetation; it was basically a bare, greyish-brown rock, even sea birds rarely visited it. In a region with bountiful resources like Eastern Sea, it was a barren place.</p> 
<p>However, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a Gu Immortal, he did not care about this, only treating it as a temporary residence.</p> 
<p>An isolated island with a barren landscape would naturally not be coveted by anyone, reducing potential attention and trouble.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng slowly landed on the island.</p> 
<p>He first inspected the Gu formation he had set to see if there had been any changes.</p> 
<p>These Gu formations were all coarsely arranged by him. One use was for simple monitoring, and another use was that if some other Gu Immortals came here, the Gu formation would indicate that this island was not ownerless.</p> 
<p>After inspecting it, Tai Bai Yun Sheng found close to ten additional Gu worms.</p> 
<p>These were all information path Gu worms, carrying messages.</p> 
<p>Originally, although Tai Bai Yun Sheng had been low-key in his conduct, but as a time path healing Gu Immortal with extremely useful Immortal Gu on him, he earned quite a bit of attention and could not be hidden for long.</p> 
<p>These information path Gu came from all sorts of parties, some were from super forces, some from the demonic path, some from immortal zombies and some from righteous path lone cultivators. Most of them were requests for Tai Bai Yun Sheng to remedy certain things.</p> 
<p>A smaller portion did not request Tai Bai Yun Sheng to immediately help, but wanted to establish friendly relations. If by chance, a mishap happened in the future, would this relationship not be of use?</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng had a benign nature, and also possessed two time path Immortal Gu, thus he was greatly welcomed in Eastern Sea.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng collected these information path Gu worms and entered a cavern.</p> 
<p>He had only made this cavern for temporary use and had not spent any efforts on it, thus it looked very crude and simple.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng first replied to these information path Gu worms, excusing himself from the invitations one by one, before sinking into deep thought.</p> 
<p>"I can open a stargate to conveniently return to Hu Immortal blessed land. But if I directly open a stargate now, it can ruin the situation."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng could now be considered to have some fame, his actions would be secretly observed by many people.</p> 
<p>Thus, his return to Hu Immortal blessed land this time was more troublesome than previous times. He would really have to put on a false show of approaching the regional wall, using a stargate after there was nobody paying attention.</p> 
<p>Hu Immortal blessed land.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had been studying the wisdom path inheritance for three days and three nights.</p> 
<p>He did not know how many thoughts were expended in his mind, in producing many insights.</p> 
<p>"Dong Fang Chang Fan was brimming with talent, this wisdom path inheritance in itself primarily gave priority to deductions, and is not specialized for battles, but he conceived the immortal killer move myriad star fireflies, which is a unique concept that almost perfectly transforms the superiority in deduction of the inheritance into offensive power. In this entire inheritance, myriad star fireflies is truly worthy of being the strongest offensive killer move!"</p> 
<p>This was why Fang Yuan was sighing inwardly.</p> 
<p>His nature was different from Tai Bai Yun Sheng, his was a nature filled with heavy aggressiveness.</p> 
<p>The first thing he paid attention to was the offensive methods of the inheritance.</p> 
<p>How did myriad star fireflies cause Fang Yuan to sigh inwardly?</p> 
<p>The foundation of this move was still star thought Gu. Every starlight firefly was encased in a star thought.</p> 
<p>The consumption of using this move was terrifying.</p> 
<p>Not only immortal essence, it also expended the wisdom path dao marks in the Gu Immortal's body.</p> 
<p>Gu Immortals contained dao marks in their bodies, Fang Yuan had strength path dao marks, fire path Gu Immortals had fire path dao marks. Dong Fang Chang Fan's body naturally had wisdom path dao marks, every time he used this move, it would consume at least sixteen wisdom path dao marks.</p> 
<p>Dao marks were very hard to obtain.</p> 
<p>To obtain dao marks, besides rare and unique methods, the most common and orthodox method was to pass heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities. Every tribulation and calamity passed could add dao marks to the Gu Immortal's body.</p> 
<p>The amount of dao marks received was determined by the strength of the heavenly tribulation or earthly calamity. The stronger the heavenly tribulation or earthly calamity, the more dao marks would be obtained.</p>
    </body>
</html>
