<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 885: Anti-climatic Battle of Offense and Defense</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 885: Anti-climatic Battle of Offense and Defense</h1>
        
        <p>Lang Ya land spirit's expression changed, he stared at this scene in disbelief.</p> 
<p>"Twelfth Hair, Thirteenth Hair, what are you doing?" The hairy man Gu Immortals were shocked and furious, one of them shouted loudly.</p> 
<p>"As hairy men, you are actually helping the enemy and betraying your kin! This is unforgivable!!"</p> 
<p>"Impossible. Twelfth Hair and Thirteenth Hair are hairy men that grew up in the blessed land, how could they betray us? This has to be an illusion, everyone, don't be fooled by this!"</p> 
<p>Some of the hairy man Gu Immortals refused to believe this.</p> 
<p>The attentions of everyone were on those two hairy man Gu Immortals, they had an arrogant attitude as they surrounded Qin Bai Sheng protectively, they showed looks of pride and had no intentions to explain themselves.</p> 
<p>Their betrayal was a fatal blow towards Lang Ya land spirit's side.</p> 
<p>Especially those hairy man Gu Immortals, their hearts were in chaos, they could not manipulate the battle formation easily.</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng obtained a precious chance to catch a breather.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng's speed of gathering the Gu worms became quicker with the cooperation of the hairy man traitors.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit's face was as dark as the bottom of a pan.</p> 
<p>He spoke, squeezing his words from between gritted teeth: "Kill, kill them all! Kill these two hairy man traitors! Even if they betrayed us and caused trouble, Refinement Cauldron still has my will, it has not stopped working yet. It can still function! Everyone, Lang Ya blessed land is at a moment between life and death, it will depend on all of you, we have no other way but to fight now, kill!"</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit tried his best to spur on morale.</p> 
<p>No matter how naive the hairy man Gu Immortals were, they noticed the current desperate situation, and hardened their determination to resist with their full strengths one after another.</p> 
<p>The silver giant had an imposing aura as it moved forward again, fighting the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison.</p> 
<p>After a few rounds, Dark Prison was defeated repeatedly.</p> 
<p>Inside Dark Prison, Hei Cheng's hair was messy and his eyes were bloodshot, he felt dizzy as he had already used Dark Prison to its limits.</p> 
<p>In fact, this ancient battle formation had another drawback.</p> 
<p>That was, in order to unleash the full power of the battle formation, the Gu Immortals inside needed to have a lot of practice beforehand. However, this was the first time Fang Yuan and the others were working together.</p> 
<p>Inside the ancient battle formation Heavenly Giant Solor, even though there were many Gu Immortals, the real attackers were only Fang Yuan, Mo Tan Sang, and Lang Ya land spirit. This was like a person having two fists and yet only using three fingers to fight. The hairy man Gu Immortals were not skilled at fighting, they were holding Fang Yuan and the others back, causing the silver giant to look very clumsy, even though there were many opportunities, it could not use them.</p> 
<p>But during the intense fight, the immortals had gotten more familiar with controlling it, they had gained a trace of coordination between themselves.</p> 
<p>With this coordination, the silver giant managed to find two opportunities to send Dark Prison flying.</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng had to retreat.</p> 
<p>The two hairy man Gu Immortals went to guard Qin Bai Sheng.</p> 
<p>But the silver giant charged forward, it only stopped for a moment before its gigantic body approached Qin Bai Sheng to slam at him.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng spat out a mouthful of blood as the collection process was interrupted, he had to dodge, his body flew into the air.</p> 
<p>"Chase!" Lang Ya land spirit ordered.</p> 
<p>The silver giant chased after Qin Bai Sheng, but Dark Prison came again at a quick speed and peculiar angle. The defending hairy man Gu Immortals were caught off guard, they could not react in time and the silver giant was knocked away.</p> 
<p>The silver giant attacked fiercely and sent Dark Prison flying again.</p> 
<p>But this time, from afar, two figures came to help, they were Hui Feng Zi and He Lang Zi.</p> 
<p>And at this moment, the two hairy man Gu Immortals surrounded the massive silver giant like flies, moving quickly and attacking, doing their best to disturb it.</p> 
<p>Four Gu Immortals and a rank six Immortal Gu House engaged in fierce battle with the ancient battle formation, Heavenly Giant Solor.</p> 
<p>As time passed, the immortals on the land spirit's side became more and more well coordinated. The silver giant's battle strength rose, even though the enemy was attacking it desperately, they could not stop the giant's movement.</p> 
<p>Some of the true power of an ancient battle formation was finally released.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng was forced to stop the collection process three times, as he moved away and dodged the silver giant's assaults, his expression was becoming more pale.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Myriad Self Giant Hand!</p> 
<p>In the fierce battle, Fang Yuan's eyes shined with brilliance, he attacked suddenly.</p> 
<p>He had kept a low profile for a while, at this moment, he bared his fangs, using his trump card!</p> 
<p>Four arms of the silver giant rose up, slamming down fiercely.</p> 
<p>Bam bam bam bam!</p> 
<p>A loud sound of an intense explosion occurred, the air burst as four strength path hands slammed at the ground with an immense force.</p> 
<p>At this moment, the Gu Immortals in the battle formation expended a hundred beads of immortal essence!</p> 
<p>Amplified by the ancient battle formation, strength path giant hand's power reached an unprecedented level.</p> 
<p>"Oh no!" Hui Feng Zi immediately used wind escape, desperately fleeing for his life.</p> 
<p>He Lang Zi turned into a giant wolf, quickly retreating. The strength path giant hands barely grazed him, but the giant wolf let out a pained growl, the bones in the part of its body that had been in contact with the hand broke completely, the flesh there turned into meat paste.</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng hesitated slightly.</p> 
<p>Two strength path giant hands clapped together, as if hitting a fly from either side, but instead, it was Dark Prison that was squashed by the palms.</p> 
<p>Rumble!</p> 
<p>With a loud sound, two strength path giant hands disintegrated.</p> 
<p>Immortal Gu House Dark Prison, which resembled a black meteor, swayed and shook as it flew away.</p> 
<p>The Immortal Gu House was not a fly, it would not collapse from that. But Dark Prison's current condition made all of the Gu Immortals present suck in a deep breath of cold air.</p> 
<p>This Immortal Gu House's appearance changed drastically, the round ball was squeezed from both sides, a huge crack formed around Dark Prison.</p> 
<p>Thick smoke emerged from this crack, as lumps of sparks erupted in the black smoke.</p> 
<p>"It is that rank seven Gu Immortal who killed Xue Song Zi!" Hui Feng Zi was indeed among the fastest in Northern Plains, after he escaped, he looked back at the battlefield, feeling lingering fear towards the giant hands.</p> 
<p>Inside the silver giant, the hairy man Gu Immortals were stunned before erupting into a cheer.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit was at first joyful, but soon, his gaze flashed as he thought of something, looking at Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's expression was pale, sweat gathered on his forehead. He was almost unable to stand, his body was shaking and swaying, he showed an expression of facing a fierce backlash after over-exerting himself.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit's suspicions were lifted, he turned his attention towards the main enemy, Qin Bai Sheng.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng was no longer at his original spot, because a strength path giant hand was coming after him, he had to interrupt the Gu collection process and dodge.</p> 
<p>Now, his expression did not look good, it seemed like his past injuries had accumulated and achieved a qualitative change.</p> 
<p>In Fang Yuan and the others' opinions, Qin Bai Sheng no longer had his previous domineering aura, he was extremely weak now.</p> 
<p>"I will stop here today, next time I come, it will not end like this. Hmph!" Qin Bai Sheng spoke a sentence before flying away. He seemed to be heavily injured, he gave up on the remaining parts of Refinement Cauldron as he left the battlefield.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit growled angrily as he chased.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng and the others were adequately prepared, after they gathered together, they tore through space and escaped from Lang Ya blessed land.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit could not fly out of the blessed land, he could only watch with anger and hatred as Qin Bai Sheng and the others flew away with half of Refinement Cauldron.</p> 
<p>"Why are we retreating? We have not obtained Refinement Cauldron entirely, this is different from our plans." The group flew rapidly in the sky as Fairy Jiang Yu transmitted to Qin Bai Sheng.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng's expression was grave: "The situation has changed, Luo Po valley is currently under attack. We have to return! That Immortal Gu is still being nurtured, it is soon to be completely formed. If we lose it, there will be huge repercussions in our crucial plan!"</p> 
<p>Fairy Jiang Yu's heart shook, she asked: "Then what about Lang Ya blessed land?"</p> 
<p>"I would advise that we leave it alone for now, the hairy men inside have huge value." At this time, the two hairy man Gu Immortals joined in the discussions.</p> 
<p>"As long as we have the immortal killer move soul replacement, we can go in to undergo possession and lurk, it is not a problem to create a few more undercover agents."</p> 
<p>"Unfortunately, there is not enough time, we only managed to accumulate three hairy man Gu Immortal moles. Now that two of us are exposed, if we want to accumulate more undercover agents, we will need at least three hundred years!"</p> 
<p>"Even though we did not expose anything, the previous Lang Ya land spirit might have sensed something. He generally only let us Gu Immortals refine Gu, he did not give us the freedom to move about or opportunities to raise our battle strength by duelling."</p> 
<p>The two hairy man Gu Immortals spoke one after another.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng thought about it before speaking: "Forget it, even though we still have one mole left, the important matter now is to protect Luo Po valley until that Immortal Gu is formed. This Immortal Gu is crucial to our plans, it cannot be lost! As for the Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron, we took over half of it, it can be considered an incomplete Immortal Gu House. Even though we did not reach our goal, we can use Dark Prison to make up for it."</p> 
<p>"Alright!"</p> 
<p>"When there is a good chance, we will make our move together."</p> 
<p>The people from Shadow Sect gave subtle glances towards Hei Cheng, no longer transmitting their thoughts.</p> 
<p>"Move, we have to relocate!" At this moment, inside Lang Ya blessed land, Lang Ya land spirit muttered as he made up his mind.</p> 
<p>Long Hair Ancestor had died long ago, Lang Ya blessed land was an ownerless blessed land, yet it could actually be moved?</p> 
<p>This went against conventional reasoning.</p> 
<p>"I have my ways to relocate the entire blessed land. But during the process of movement, heaven and earth qi would be very unstable, the price to pay is huge." Lang Ya land spirit explained to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan sighed inwardly, Long Hair Ancestor's foundation was so deep, he gained a new understanding regarding it.</p> 
<p>"This time, we could repel the enemy, the two of you put in much effort, especially you, Fang Yuan!" Lang Ya land spirit said.</p> 
<p>Mo Tan Sang stared with wide opened eyes, looking at Fang Yuan in shock, by now, he finally learned that this person in front of him was the Fang Yuan that he was familiar with.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan felt no awkwardness regarding his identity being exposed, he smiled lightly at Mo Tan Sang.</p> 
<p>"Oh." Lang Ya land spirit sighed: "It seems that it will be very hard for us hairy men to rise up. The road is filled with difficulties, twists and turns, but the future is bright. If you follow me, it will definitely be the right choice! This time, I am very pleased with your performance, I will reward you greatly!!"</p> 
<p>Immediately afterwards, he said: "Without proper grass, no horse would move for you. Even a dog needs to be given a bone for it to be enthusiastic. Oh no, why did I say my thoughts out loud again..."</p>
    </body>
</html>
