<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 655: Deducing a Gu recipe</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 655: Deducing a Gu recipe</h1>
        
        <p>Many flashes of inspiration appeared in his mind.</p> 
<p>Countless ingredients and Gu worms formed into many different ideas.</p> 
<p>The thoughts in his mind were also being consumed at a rapid rate. Such intense expenditure had far exceeded Fang Yuan's own limit in thinking speed.</p> 
<p>"The power of a rank nine Gu is truly terrifying! In fact, I have not even refined wisdom Gu, I am only using a bit of its light of wisdom." Fang Yuan sighed in shock as he went out of the wisdom light halo.</p> 
<p>He was deducing and perfecting the refinement recipe of gruel mud Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Unlike beforehand when he reflected on the current situation or the changes in his body, perfecting an Immortal Gu recipe needed many more fields of consideration. A set of Gu refinement materials contained up to tens of hundreds of different materials. Not to mention the grouping and coordination of different Gu worms.</p> 
<p>Precisely because of this, the wills in Fang Yuan's mind were depleting at a shocking rate.</p> 
<p>After a few days of accumulating wills, they were all expended in a dozen breaths' time.</p> 
<p>The result of this was an advancement of less than 0.1% in the deduction of gruel mud Gu's recipe.</p> 
<p>"But to get such progress, if I did this alone without the help of the light of wisdom, I would need at least half a year." Fang Yuan estimated.</p> 
<p>A dozen breaths' time in exchange for half a year's time, this showed the great power of wisdom Gu.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan was not satisfied.</p> 
<p>Deducing Gu recipes required too many areas of consideration, too many of his wills were being consumed, and too quickly. The wills that he accumulated in a few days were quickly used up in such a short time.</p> 
<p>The result was, he could not deduce more than 0.1% of the Gu recipe.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's original plan was to use wisdom Gu to deduce Immortal Gu recipes, before selling them in treasure yellow heaven for profit. But now he encountered a problem.</p> 
<p>"Deducing Immortal Gu recipe requires a great amount of will. But mortal Gu produce too little will each time. Even though I have been using these mortal Gu to create wills at full capacity these days, I have almost pushed them to their limits, if I exceed this, the mortal Gu will be damaged, unless I use the rank six delight in water and mountain Gu..."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought about it for a while before deciding to give it a go.</p> 
<p>He consumed one bead of green grape immortal essence, activating delight in water and mountain Gu.</p> 
<p>Swoosh!</p> 
<p>The Immortal Gu floated above his head, bursting out with a brilliant and dazzling light.</p> 
<p>The light poured down, like a heavenly river, injecting into Fang Yuan's mind.</p> 
<p>This joyful will was produced at such a grand scale. Compared to rank five mortal wisdom path Gu, the will they produced was like a puddle of water. Meanwhile, this joyful will was produced like a great river!</p> 
<p>"As expected of an Immortal Gu!" Fang Yuan was overjoyed.</p> 
<p>Joyful will continued to pour and inject into him, only after a long while did it stop.</p> 
<p>In Fang Yuan's spacious mind, a third of it was filled with joyful will.</p> 
<p>Special will was a golden color, appearing like sand. Joyful will was bright yellow.</p> 
<p>"That is to say, as long as I activate delight in water and mountain Gu three times, my mind would be filled completely? No wonder the market in treasure yellow heaven would have those wisdom path Gu that can make the mind more spacious." Fang Yuan gained some enlightenment from his experiment.</p> 
<p>Strength path Gu worms modified the Gu Master's body. In contrast, wisdom path Gu worms modified the person's mind.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan entered the wisdom light halo once again, falling into deep thoughts.</p> 
<p>Euphoria!</p> 
<p>This felt way too good!</p> 
<p>Like there were no limits binding him, everything was clear. For any difficult problem, a breakthrough could be attained in a flash! The only difference was: The harder the problem, the more will would be expended.</p> 
<p>A vast amount of refinement materials were chosen one by one, countless Gu worms were combined into groups and tested at lightning speed, before splitting them apart again.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan showed off his great skills, he felt that there was no problems in this world that could trouble him.</p> 
<p>This feeling was splendid, only until all of the joyful will was expended, did Fang Yuan leave the light of wisdom reluctantly, he felt that only a dozen breaths' time had passed by since then.</p> 
<p>But in reality, seven minutes had gone by already.</p> 
<p>"Puff..." Fang Yuan let of a sigh of turbid air, he shook his head.</p> 
<p>After leaving the light of wisdom, he immediately went back to his former self, he was still that zombie with slow cognitive abilities.</p> 
<p>The great difference felt like falling from heaven into hell.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, adjusting his emotions as he inspected the fruits of his labor.</p> 
<p>The progress of the deduction of gruel mud Immortal Gu's recipe advanced by one percent.</p> 
<p>Compared to before, this was huge progress!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan nodded, but he soon shook his head again.</p> 
<p>He silently left the underground cave, going to Dang Hun mountain's palace.</p> 
<p>"Junior brother, how is the situation?" Tai Bai Yun Sheng had been waiting inside the palace for some time, he quickly asked Fang Yuan in concern.</p> 
<p>He was covered in dust and sand, he had just returned after inspecting the western area of Hu Immortal blessed land.</p> 
<p>"Take a seat." Fang Yuan waved to him, taking a few big steps to the main seat and sitting down.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked at Fang Yuan with a curious gaze after choosing the seat closest to him.</p> 
<p>He knew that Fang Yuan was using wisdom Gu to deduce an Immortal Gu recipe. Not long ago, he had followed Fang Yuan into the underground cave, and had looked at wisdom Gu from far away — he had finally obtained a lifespan Gu from Fang Yuan some time ago, he had limited lifespan and did not dare to get close to this legendary Gu worm.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan leaned on the stone block like it was a chair, his legs were spread open and a pair of his arms were placed on his leg. One pair was crossed over his abdomen, while another pair was at the handle of the seat. The final pair was crossed over his chest, he sat with a grand posture, like an unmoving mountain, he was still and silent, like a giant statue.</p> 
<p>He sighed, saying: "Mortal Gu were not efficient to use. I tried using the wisdom path Immortal Gu Delight in Water and Mountain. The river of joyful will that it produced, under the light of wisdom, allowed my Gu recipe deduction to progress by one percent."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard this and stood up from his seat in excitement, he showed evident joy on his face: "One percent? As expected of the rank nine wisdom Gu! That means, if we use it a hundred times, we will be able to deduce an Immortal Gu recipe? With these Immortal Gu recipes, we can sell them in treasure yellow heaven, this is a huge treasure chest that can yield us endless profits! By then, we will have an unceasing flow of immortal essence stones!! To think... that after becoming a zombie, junior brother can actually receive such benefits!"</p> 
<p>These days, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had been worrying over cultivation resources.</p> 
<p>He found out that after becoming a Gu Immortal, he needed much more cultivation resources.</p> 
<p>When Gu Master cultivate, they nurture their apertures, when Gu Immortal cultivate, they nurture their immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>There are many different ways one can nurture an immortal aperture. But the ultimate goal was the same, that is to make the immortal aperture's small world more vibrant and diverse.</p> 
<p>Planting more varieties of plants in the immortal aperture, bringing in more animals, improving the cycle of life and establishing a proper food chain, nurturing and feeding more varieties of Gu worm groups...</p> 
<p>The more prosperous the immortal aperture, the greater life force it would have, and the faster immortal essence would be produced in the immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>This was the cultivation path of Gu Immortals, this was their way of improving.</p> 
<p>Thus, in treasure yellow heaven, not only were Gu worms and Gu recipes sold, there were also the sale of beast groups, vegetation, mysterious stones, precious water, and so on.</p> 
<p>Looking at Tai Bai Yun Sheng's excited look, Fang Yuan nodded in satisfaction: "It seems that my method of asking you to inspect Hu Immortal blessed land and becoming familiar with the cultivation path of Gu Immortals is very effective. You have finally realized the importance of cultivation resources. But unfortunately, although selling Immortal Gu recipes is a very profitable trade, we temporarily cannot engage in that."</p> 
<p>"Ah, why is that?" Tai Bai Yun Sheng was confused.</p> 
<p>"Because the investment is too great." Fang Yuan sighed: "To get something from nothing, to deduce a rank six Immortal Gu recipe, the amount of green grape immortal essence we would need to expend is at least over a hundred."</p> 
<p>"Junior brother, didn't you deduce one percent of this Immortal Gu recipe?"</p> 
<p>"That is because what I was deducing was the gruel mud Immortal Gu remnant recipe. I told you before, earlier I had engaged in the trade of gruel mud, thus I obtained many gruel mud Immortal Gu remnant recipes. But after I collated these remnant recipes, I only obtained this sixty percent remnant recipe." Fang Yuan answered.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was not stupid, he immediately understood Fang Yuan's words.</p> 
<p>With the light of wisdom, no problem could trouble Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Under normal circumstances, if he encountered difficulty when deducing Gu recipes, they would be hard to resolve. If he was lucky and had a burst of inspiration, he would be able to think of a solution. But if he was unlucky and could not resolve this problem, he would be stuck there for years, or even decades without making any progress.</p> 
<p>But with wisdom Gu, Fang Yuan faced no difficulty when deducing Gu recipes.</p> 
<p>Even if Fang Yuan encountered a problem that he could not solve due to his foundations, he just needed to think more. Using the light of wisdom to think, he only needed to consume more wills in order to resolve this problem.</p> 
<p>In this way, Immortal Gu recipes were easier to deduce towards the later parts.</p> 
<p>A sixty percent remnant recipe means it already has a general direction, this could allow Fang Yuan to rule out a large number of Gu refinement elements. On this basis, he progressed by one percent of the deduction.</p> 
<p>That is to say, if he started from zero, from scratch, and deduced the recipe from nothing, it would be extremely difficult, he would not even reach one percent.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan continued: "I only have eighteen green grape immortal essence beads, while you have twenty-six. Hu Immortal blessed land only has sixty-four beads of Bai Hu's immortal essence. But you and Hu Immortal land spirit cannot be under the wisdom light halo. Even if I lend delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu to you, the joyful will that you create cannot be used by me. At this point, the gruel mud remnant recipe is the most promising of them, but it also requires about forty beads of immortal essence from us. Don't forget that we are not safe now. Northern plains' Gu Immortals and Immortal Crane Sect are going to find trouble with us. Especially if wisdom Gu is exposed, I'm afraid every Gu Immortal in the five regions would charge towards us with killing intent!"</p> 
<p>"Yes, the investment is too big, and we also need to preserve some green grape immortal essence as a preemptive measure to guard against enemies and accidents." Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded, he sighed deeply and looked at the ground, he accepted this fact in disappointment.</p> 
<p>But immediately after, he raised his head, his eyes shining with light: "Eh? I have an idea! Junior brother, I remember you told me about the matter with Lang Ya land spirit. Master told you about the secrets of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, thus when you requested help from Lang Ya land spirit, you said you deduced it yourself. That caused Lang Ya land spirit to assume you were a wisdom path Gu Master, and it wanted to work with you to perfect Gu recipes."</p> 
<p>"Oh!" Fang Yuan pretended to jolt into realization, he showed an appropriately excited expression on his face: "There is such a thing, ahh, ahh, after becoming a zombie, my brain is so useless, I did not think of this! Old Bai, you are completely right, the best remnant recipe that I have right now is the sixty percent gruel mud Immortal Gu recipe. There must be many remnant recipes in Lang Ya land spirit's hands. He probably has remnant recipes with a much higher completion rate."</p> 
<p>"Junior brother, you are familiar with Lang Ya land spirit, and you also know the method to enter Lang Ya blessed land, we can totally cooperate with Lang Ya land spirit!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng thought about this amazing plan and laughed loudly and heartily.</p>
    </body>
</html>
