<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 875: One Versus Two</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 875: One Versus Two</h1>
        
        <p>"You killed an enemy Gu Immortal? Good, good, good!" Fang Yuan had just gotten out of the yellow jade lion's body, when Lang Ya land spirit's voice was heard.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's first thought was: It seems that this Lang Ya blessed land has lots of sound path dao marks.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit could transmit his voice so easily, Hu Immortal land spirit and Star Form land spirit did not have such an ability. This showed that there were large numbers of sound path dao marks in Lang Ya blessed land.</p> 
<p>The land spirit was very surprised that Fang Yuan could kill Xue Song Zi, he said 'good' three times.</p> 
<p>This was the first time the other party had lost a member since the start of this attack!</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, to think that you have such battle strength even though you are already so good at deducing Immortal Gu recipes." At this juncture, Lang Ya land spirit praised as he sighed.</p> 
<p>"Hehehe." Fang Yuan laughed too, when he laughed, Xue Song Zi's meat paste had just landed on the floor.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was satisfied with this battle result.</p> 
<p>The yellow jade lion below him was near death, it was used as a pawn by Fang Yuan to deal with Xue Song Zi, it worked really well.</p> 
<p>In this battle, Fang Yuan had only used vaguely familiar face and strength path giant hand, he used very few resources to kill Xue Song Zi, while obtaining a huge effect.</p> 
<p>By this point, Fang Yuan deeply knew that all kinds of fights were just an extension of economic conflicts.</p> 
<p>In other words, wars, battles, they were like business, whatever you put in and gain will all be in the financial aspect.</p> 
<p>Why was Fang Yuan quite satisfied? Because he put in a minimal amount of resources into this battle, but had created a huge impact. In the terminology of business, he put in a small sum of capital and earned a huge amount of profits in return!</p> 
<p>Xue Song Zi had Immortal Gu with him and a complete set of immortal killer moves, if Fang Yuan fought him head on, he might not have been able to defeat him even after a dozen rounds of moves.</p> 
<p>Although Xue Song Zi could only use immortal killer moves here, even though Fang Yuan could use mortal Gu, against the power of immortal killer moves, he had to use immortal killer moves to counter them, right?</p> 
<p>Thus, his green grape immortal essence expenditure would be huge.</p> 
<p>Expending a huge amount of immortal essence when Xue Song Zi might not even lose, what's more, if he managed to summon more Gu Immortals to help him, Fang Yuan would have to retreat.</p> 
<p>Battles between Gu Immortals were not rigid duels where each person exchanged one move at a time, they were filled with schemes and plots.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had deduced that Xue Song Zi had low battle strength, and as a member of Snowy Mountain blessed land, he was an outsider among the invading Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>He also deduced that Xue Song Zi had Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Most importantly, Fang Yuan knew what Xue Song Zi had done in the previous Imperial Court contest, Xue Song Zi had a huge desire for Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan knew that. Thus, he easily deduced the reason why Xue Song Zi had an Immortal Gu, as well as his current state of mind.</p> 
<p>As the saying goes, know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated.</p> 
<p>Xue Song Zi knew nothing about Fang Yuan, and he was also an outsider, it seemed that he did not receive Qin Bai Sheng's warning.</p> 
<p>If Qin Bai Sheng had told Xue Song Zi that the cloud buildings had Gu Immortals defending them, Xue Song Zi would not have been so careless.</p> 
<p>What was more fatal was that earlier, the invaders had attacked ruthlessly, destroying many cloud building formation cores, while killing many desolate beasts. After every battle, Qin Bai Sheng would send out the information and inform everyone.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng's actions were understandable. Because when Gu Immortals were split up and searching for the formation cores aimlessly, they might feel very uncertain from detecting nothing and experience a drop in morale.</p> 
<p>When Xue Song Zi heard the notifications, he felt that his side was having a landslide victory, his morale was high. His loss to Fang Yuan was also because of the same reason that an arrogant army was bound to lose.</p> 
<p>In contrast, Fang Yuan was scheming and devious, he had a huge advantage as the hidden party.</p> 
<p>Of course, his guesses could have been wrong, after all, they were all estimations.</p> 
<p>But in fact, he had a complete understanding of Xue Song Zi's mental state. He even hid inside the yellow jade lion's body deviously.</p> 
<p>Xue Song Zi has an investigative immortal killer move, he had scanned the yellow jade lion's body at least three times. But he was afraid that the yellow jade lion might have a wild Immortal Gu on it, if it attacked while he was distracted, he would be in trouble.</p> 
<p>Because Xue Song Zi did not find any Immortal Gu, he became even more careless.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's vaguely familiar face had great importance during this process. If he did not use this killer move to conceal himself, even if he hid inside the yellow jade lion's body, Xue Song Zi would have found him.</p> 
<p>Because of all these reasons, such a shocking result occurred.</p> 
<p>Gu Immortals were all dragons among men, if Xue Song Zi was not careless, with his current strength, he could totally fight Fang Yuan head on, even if he was slightly weaker, he could definitely drag out the battle for some time.</p> 
<p>But it was a pity that his opponent was Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had his previous life's memories, in nice words, they could be called wisdom, but bluntly speaking, they allowed him to scheme deviously, he could use a portion of his strength and unleash it with multiple times the effect.</p> 
<p>"Lang Ya land spirit, I killed Xue Song Zi, how will you reward me? Xue Song Zi's immortal aperture was destroyed, everything inside it was destroyed as well, but his dao marks have all gone to this blessed land." Fang Yuan smiled as he asked.</p> 
<p>"Hahaha, don't worry, you will be heavily rewarded after the battle. I hope you can defend this cloud building well, Mo Tan Sang is already heavily injured, he barely escaped, his cloud building was destroyed. You have Xue Song Zi's soul, we need to search it and find out these people's details." The land spirit replied.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's gaze became slightly firmer.</p> 
<p>This was not the first time he had captured a Gu Immortal's soul, back then in Tai Bai blessed land, Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not notice it, but here in Lang Ya blessed land, all of it was exposed to Lang Ya land spirit.</p> 
<p>As for Mo Tan Sang losing his building, it was very normal, this did not differ from Fang Yuan's expectations.</p> 
<p>"Xue Song Zi died." Qin Bai Sheng stood on the rubble of a cloud building, suddenly, his body shook and he spoke.</p> 
<p>"What? He has the Immortal Gu you lent him, as well as a complete set of immortal killer moves, how did he die suddenly?" Hei Cheng, who was beside him, felt a great shock.</p> 
<p>After Xue Song Zi died, Hei Cheng's pressure amplified.</p> 
<p>Among the people in Shadow Sect, even though Hei Cheng was rank seven, his battle strength was quite weak. He was a natural ally of Xue Song Zi.</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng's constant worry was not the blessed land, but the mysterious 'allies' around him.</p> 
<p>"He fell into their trap." Qin Bai Sheng thought about it for a few moments, his eyes shined brilliantly: "In a frontal fight, unless a rank eight Gu Immortal attacked, Xue Song Zi would have lasted for some time. In Lang Ya blessed land, there are definitely no rank eight Gu Immortals. Thus, the most likely possibility is that Xue Song Zi found a cloud building or something important, in order to get the reward that was promised to him, he did not inform anyone else, and because he got new Immortal Gu, he wanted to test them, this mentality was used by the enemy and they planted a trap. At the appropriate opportunity, they killed Xue Song Zi."</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng drew in a breath of cold air: "Then his opponent is not simple, they actually plotted Xue Song Zi's death."</p> 
<p>Even though he said that, Hei Cheng was even more wary of Qin Bai Sheng.</p> 
<p>This Qin Bai Sheng had both brains and brawn, not only did he have immense battle strength, he could make such a deduction in such a short time with just this much information. In terms of plotting and scheming, they were above his fighting power.</p> 
<p>"Perhaps it was because I was too reluctant to waste our limited communication method. A lesson to be learned." Qin Bai Sheng sighed eerily, but he soon smiled: "But we have already dismantled eight cloud buildings, I have understood the formation cores of these cloud buildings, and made a mortal killer move that can allow us to find the remaining cloud buildings. But in here, to use this mortal killer move, we will need to use immortal killer moves to protect it."</p> 
<p>"He made a mortal killer move just like this? What attainment level does he have?" Hei Cheng's heart jumped.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng started to transmit to the others, he called the mysterious black robed Gu Immortal to his side, in order to protect him while he used the mortal and immortal killer moves. This showed that Qin Bai Sheng did not trust Hei Cheng at all.</p> 
<p>He even ordered Hui Feng Zi and He Lang Zi to rush to the place where Xue Song Zi died.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng lent Xue Song Zi Immortal Gu, but he also took the chance to use his immortal level technique on Xue Song Zi, allowing him to track him.</p> 
<p>This matter was not concealed from Xue Song Zi.</p> 
<p>When Qin Bai Sheng lent him the Immortal Gu, he said: "If I do not use tracking methods on you, if you run away after borrowing my Immortal Gu, what will I do?"</p> 
<p>Based on the promise of giving him the Immortal Gu after the battle, Xue Song Zi relented.</p> 
<p>Thus, back then, Xue Song Zi smiled and flattered, willingly allowing Qin Bai Sheng to use the tracking method on him.</p> 
<p>With the proper direction, He Lang Zi and Hui Feng Zi quickly got to Xue Song Zi's place of demise.</p> 
<p>Seeing the lump of meat paste on the ground, He Lang Zi snorted in disdain: "What a useless fool."</p> 
<p>Hui Feng Zi flew down and scouted the place, after seeing no traps, he carefully observed Xue Song Zi's mushed corpse.</p> 
<p>Soon, his gaze firmed, he had a discovery: "This is troublesome, the other party has a strength path killer move, Xue Song Zi died from this move, this is a powerful move that has great force!"</p> 
<p>Hui Feng Zi's analysis was correct.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's immortal killer move, myriad self, was no longer like before.</p> 
<p>Even though he could not use cleanse soul Immortal Gu, he had self strength Immortal Gu, pulling mountain Immortal Gu, and pulling water Immortal Gu, these three strength path core Gu.</p> 
<p>It was uncommon for three strength path Immortal Gu to be perfectly fused into one immortal killer move.</p> 
<p>He Lang Zi had some doubts regarding Hui Feng Zi's words, in fact, he had deep wariness towards all human Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>He descended as well, standing beside Xue Song Zi's corpse, his head turned into a wolf's head, as his wolf pupils shined eerily, they shined with a green light as he looked around. At the same time, he sniffed, trying to find some important information.</p> 
<p>Soon, He Lang Zi's expression turned ugly, he said solemnly: "Rank seven strength path, it is truly rare, is this Domination Immortal?"</p> 
<p>But he continued: "No matter what, let's destroy this cloud building first."</p> 
<p>He Lang Zi was like a wild beast, he acted very directly.</p> 
<p>Hui Feng Zi nodded, he looked around vigilantly, he was afraid of the rank seven strength path expert, he might be lurking around.</p> 
<p>"Hello brothers, you came really quickly. My name is Xing Xiang Zi, I am guarding this cloud building. May I know who both of you are?" Fang Yuan flew out of the cloud building.</p> 
<p>"Be careful, this is a star path rank six Gu Immortal." Hui Feng Zi transmitted to He Lang Zi.</p> 
<p>He Lang Zi nodded silently.</p> 
<p>He understood Hui Feng Zi's words, the other party might have two Gu Immortals with one hiding somewhere. Xue Song Zi might have been schemed into death by them!</p>
    </body>
</html>
