<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 926: Refining Star Thought Immortal Gu</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 926: Refining Star Thought Immortal Gu</h1>
        
        <p>Hu Immortal blessed land, underground cave.</p> 
<p>The blood zhi forest had already spread out to an area of over thirty thousand square meters.</p> 
<p>At the center of the blood zhi forest, the blood lingzhi shined with a dark red light, but currently the light of wisdom had already overpowered it.</p> 
<p>At this moment, Fang Yuan was bathed in the wisdom light halo as he sat and concentrated.</p> 
<p>His expression was calm, he was like a statue, but his mind was working rapidly, countless thoughts were created and destroyed, they crashed into one another like a meteor shower, or the eruption of a volcano.</p> 
<p>He grunted.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's body shook, he slowly opened his eyes.</p> 
<p>His mind which was undergoing a storm made of thoughts had returned to a peaceful state.</p> 
<p>He frowned, thinking deeply.</p> 
<p>Two streams of blood slowly flowed down from his nose.</p> 
<p>The immortal zombie body's blood was pale green, there was no warmth at all, it was icy cold.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan indifferently cleaned up his nosebleed, he evaluated: "It seems that the Gu formation that I newly created still has many flaws."</p> 
<p>Ever since he had become a wisdom path grandmaster, he had obtained countless inspirations. As for how to use wisdom Gu more efficiently, he had many new ideas.</p> 
<p>This Gu formation was created by him not too long ago.</p> 
<p>Not long ago, he had a low wisdom path attainment level and could only use the light of wisdom directly. Now, with this Gu formation, he could intensify the rate at which his thoughts collided.</p> 
<p>Even though it could not raise the effect of his deductions, it could save him a lot of time.</p> 
<p>Wisdom Gu was rank nine, while Fang Yuan was merely a rank six immortal zombie, it was already very difficult for him to use the light of wisdom. This Gu formation could be considered a significant breakthrough.</p> 
<p>Furthermore, this Gu formation was not in its original state, it had been modified several times.</p> 
<p>The first few versions had all sorts of flaws, once, the Gu formation even exploded inside Fang Yuan's body.</p> 
<p>When he used it this time, Fang Yuan withstood the backlash of the Gu formation and suffered a minor injury.</p> 
<p>"The Gu formation still needs to be modified... but, that is not key. Now, the difficult problem is the modification of the star thought Immortal Gu recipe."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan frowned even deeper.</p> 
<p>A few days ago, Blazing Heaven Demoness had recruited Fang Yuan, he used this chance to request the refinement of star thought Immortal Gu to her.</p> 
<p>Both sides came to an agreement, Blazing Heaven Demoness was very generous about funding Fang Yuan. She provided the materials to refine star thought Immortal Gu for him, dispatching Bo Dan to send them over.</p> 
<p>These immortal materials were very precious. Not only were they expensive, if Fang Yuan had to collect them himself, he would need to expend a lot of time.</p> 
<p>Only Blazing Heaven Demoness, using her rank eight cultivation level, her Zombie Alliance status, and her deep foundations could gather three sets of these immortal materials in such a small amount of time.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was well prepared, he naturally got to refining Gu.</p> 
<p>But he had tried three times consecutively and failed them all.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was mentally prepared in regards to failing.</p> 
<p>After all, he did not have the success dao mark from the Refinement Path Convention this time, he could only rely on his own skills and luck.</p> 
<p>Relying on skill was easily understood, but why did he have to rely on luck?</p> 
<p>Looking at the example of star thought Immortal Gu, during the refinement process, there was a step that needed two immortal materials. He needed a portion of pale flame white bones, and a portion of green beetle water lotuses.</p> 
<p>The former was a fire path immortal material, the latter was a water path immortal material.</p> 
<p>At this step, the two immortal materials have to be processed at the same time, fusing water and fire, to create a clear liquid.</p> 
<p>But this step was very difficult.</p> 
<p>There were fire path dao marks on the pale flame white bone, and water path dao marks on the green beetle water lotus. To process them and form the clear liquid, the fire path dao marks and the water path dao marks have to be equal in number. Even if they were not equal, the difference had to be very small. That was the only way the fire and water could cancel out each other, if one side was higher, more than the range allowed, the liquid would be extremely murky.</p> 
<p>This sort of murky liquid could not be used.</p> 
<p>But the liquid could not be stored for long, it needed to be refined right before use. Fang Yuan did not have a time path Immortal Gu to seal the state of the liquid. Thus, Fang Yuan had to create the liquid while refining Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>And the difference in dao marks was extremely subtle. Even if Fang Yuan focused all his attention and used his best methods, he could not inspect all of them, he could only estimate.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was not a fire path or water path Gu Immortal, he was already reaching the limits of his investigative abilities.</p> 
<p>Thus, the Immortal Gu recipe strictly stated the age of the green beetle water lotuses, as well as the amount of pale flame white bones.</p> 
<p>But even so, even among green beetle water lotuses of the same age, they would have different water path dao marks on them due to the environment that they were in. If the pale flame white bones were damaged, there would also be fewer dao marks on them.</p> 
<p>All of the Gu refinement materials met the Immortal Gu recipe's requirements after Fang Yuan checked them meticulously.</p> 
<p>But when they were used in practice, there was bound to be failure.</p> 
<p>To refine the clear liquid, there was luck involved in it.</p> 
<p>The entire Immortal Gu refinement process had many such examples like the fusing of water and fire.</p> 
<p>Succeeding once or twice was not difficult. The difficult thing was to succeed every single time.</p> 
<p>Thus, the success rate of refining Immortal Gu was extremely low.</p> 
<p>Many Gu Immortal went bankrupt trying to refine an Immortal Gu without success.</p> 
<p>Immortal Gu were a huge boost to the Gu Immortal in all aspects.</p> 
<p>Because of the existence of heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities, Gu Immortals had an even more intense desire in regards to Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>But in the history of Gu cultivation, there were countless instances of Immortal Gu refinement failing, these painful experiences landed countless people in terrible straits.</p> 
<p>At present, many rank six Gu Immortals did not even have a single Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Gu Immortals would rather attempt to capture wild Immortal Gu than take a risk and refine Immortal Gu themselves.</p> 
<p>Of course, there was another reason, refinement path attainment levels differed between Gu Immortals. Many Gu Immortals did not have the confidence to refine Immortal Gu themselves.</p> 
<p>Especially when it came to Immortal Gu with higher ranks, Gu Immortals would have even less confidence in refining them.</p> 
<p>In the past, even two venerables, Giant Sun and Thieving Heaven, had to ask Long Hair Ancestor to help them refine Immortal Gu and Immortal Gu Houses.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was modifying the Immortal Gu recipe in this aspect.</p> 
<p>When he became a wisdom path grandmaster, his star path attainment also rose to grandmaster level. This gave him the ability to modify the Immortal Gu recipe of Star Thought.</p> 
<p>Including this current deduction, he had already modified many aspects of the original Immortal Gu recipe.</p> 
<p>Eleven processes that were similar to this water and fire fusion had been taken out, they were replaced with more stable steps with higher success rates.</p> 
<p>"Looking at the time, Blazing Heaven Demoness is about to send me the fourth set of Gu refinement immortal materials."</p> 
<p>With Blazing Heaven Demoness' funding, Fang Yuan's financial difficulties had been alleviated. Blazing Heaven Demoness had been wanting to attack Yu Lu blessed land, she was generous in allowing Fang Yuan to refine star thought Immortal Gu, she would not stop until he succeeded.</p> 
<p>But she was not easy to fool.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan wanted to use the excuse of failure to cheat Blazing Heaven Demoness and get the Gu refinement immortal materials, he would not succeed.</p> 
<p>Even though Blazing Heaven Demoness agreed to fund Fang Yuan, they had made an agreement: All of the funded immortal materials would become Fang Yuan's debt towards her. Whether he succeeded or not in refining the Immortal Gu, he would need to pay her back later. The longer he dragged this on, the more interest Blazing Heaven Demoness would receive. If Fang Yuan successfully refines the Immortal Gu but fails to return her the sum in a hundred years, then Blazing Heaven Demoness would be allowed to take an Immortal Gu from Fang Yuan as compensation.</p> 
<p>If it were Shark Demon who gave this condition, Fang Yuan would not agree to it, he would propose one that suited his interests more.</p> 
<p>But this was the demanding and domineering Blazing Heaven Demoness, Fang Yuan also needed to refine star thought Immortal Gu as soon as possible, he could only agree to it.</p> 
<p>Thus, it was in no way suitable to cheat Blazing Heaven Demoness' funding.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan failed three times, the losses were all on him, he already owed Blazing Heaven Demoness a huge debt.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan could clearly discern some of Blazing Heaven Demoness' plans.</p> 
<p>Even if Fang Yuan could not repay his debt, with the wisdom path attainment that he displayed, Blazing Heaven Demoness could make use of it and force Fang Yuan to work for her.</p> 
<p>After all, wisdom path Gu Immortals were very rare. Those with Fang Yuan's level of attainment were extremely useful subordinates.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan succeeded in refining star thought Immortal Gu, Blazing Heaven Demoness would be even happier. Because this would allow her to take down Yu Lu blessed land.</p> 
<p>The conclusion was that Blazing Heaven Demoness would only earn from this regardless of what happens.</p> 
<p>After failing three times, the pressure was all on Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"According to my current situation, I can only do seven refinement attempts. Now, I have already failed three times, I have four chances left. In terms of refining Gu, I have already reached the limits. I can only work harder in terms of luck."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought it over.</p> 
<p>He had connect luck Immortal Gu, he could forcefully link to other people's luck and boost his own luck.</p> 
<p>But there was a drawback with this.</p> 
<p>Even though Fang Yuan had Connect Luck, he did not have Break Luck along with it.</p> 
<p>He could only connect, but not break.</p> 
<p>If the target of his luck connection became unlucky, Fang Yuan would be implicated.</p> 
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan had chosen several targets earlier, these people had extremely powerful luck, they were moreover unceasing and would not fade or become bad over time.</p> 
<p>But these people were very rare, in the entirety of the five regions, looking over his previous life, there were only so many of them.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan calculated: "The remaining ones have not been born yet. Among them, Song Yi Shi had already killed the ancestor of Li Xiao Yao on the nameless island, there is no way he can be born now. The soonest and best target can only be Fairy Black Moon."</p> 
<p>Fairy Black Moon was very incredible.</p> 
<p>In Fang Yuan's previous life, she was the current generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House. She was one of the most outstanding characters in Spirit Affinity House.</p> 
<p>Her status was similar to Mo Yao in the past, or even higher.</p> 
<p>This was because in the five hundred years of Fang Yuan's previous life, there was a great era of turmoil. The five regions were in unprecedented chaos, the appearance of dream realms broke the balance of the different forces, a new Gu cultivation path, dream path, was produced, everything hinted towards the emergence of Great Dream Immortal Venerable.</p> 
<p>In this great era, heroes emerged, conquerors surfaced, capable people were everywhere, dragons and snakes rampaged all while Fairy Black Moon remained as the representative of Spirit Affinity House, one of the ten great ancient sects, she had incredible talent, it was surely first-rate in the five regions.</p> 
<p>Furthermore, Fairy Black Moon led the Central Continent Gu Immortals to attack Imperial Court blessed land, she had outstanding achievements and incredible battle strength, her methods were also profound.</p> 
<p>Ever since Fairy Black Moon emerged, she grew stronger with each battle, turning disaster into fortune, her luck had been very strong.</p> 
<p>She was indeed an ideal target for Fang Yuan's luck connection.</p>
    </body>
</html>
