<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 868: Gu Immortal Slave</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 868: Gu Immortal Slave</h1>
        
        <p>At the moment between life and death, the remaining Gu Immortal, Zhou Zhong, had a burst of inspiration, he realized the most direct way to change the current situation.</p> 
<p>"I admit defeat!" He shouted.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's attacks came to a stop.</p> 
<p>Zhou Zhong was breathing roughly, in just a moment, he was drenched in sweat.</p> 
<p>The tens of thousands of feathermen on the ground reacted after a while, they shouted in shock.</p> 
<p>In just moments, the rank seven Gu Immortal of the feathermen died, and Zhou Zhong had no choice but to admit defeat!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's meticulous plotting showed its ruthless effect, the feathermen paired a heavy price, they lost terribly.</p> 
<p>This was a completely different situation from earlier, the difference was like of heaven and earth, it was no wonder that the feathermen were shocked.</p> 
<p>Zhou Zhong's expression was pale, he felt some trepidation internally as he spoke: "I lost, according to the agreement, the ten duels are over, we are going to leave this place."</p> 
<p>His gaze towards Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng was filled with deep hatred and anger.</p> 
<p>The other party killed the featherman Gu Immortal Zheng Ling, but now, Zhou Zhong had insufficient strength, he could not exact revenge.</p> 
<p>How could he take revenge?</p> 
<p>If Zheng Ling was still alive, if he collaborated with Zhou Zhong, they would definitely suppress Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>This was the truth.</p> 
<p>Zheng Ling and Zhou Zhong had very deep foundations, out of Fang Yuan's expectations. They might not have many Immortal Gu, but they had deduced many immortal killer moves. These immortal killer moves encompassed attack, defense, movement, healing, and investigation, they did not have any apparent shortfalls.</p> 
<p>In contrast, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng used mostly mortal killer moves. If they really fought, it would be hard for them to gain any advantage as they would be inferior in these aspects.</p> 
<p>Of course, this was Tai Bai blessed land, Fang Yuan's side had the territorial advantage.</p> 
<p>But do not forget, blessed lands could not restrict Immortal Gu and immortal killer moves.</p> 
<p>Thus, Zhou Zhong could only suppress his anger as well as the desire to take revenge, he decided to not settle the score with Fang Yuan for now, the urgent matter now was to escape and find a new place to live with his clansmen.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng could not stop him from making that request.</p> 
<p>The reason was simple.</p> 
<p>They had used the information path immortal killer move earlier.</p> 
<p>Once Fang Yuan's side did something that violates the agreement, they would face a harsh backlash, they would die on the spot.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was not like Fairy Li Shan, he did not have a time path killer move like 'delay' with him.</p> 
<p>Thus, he could not break the agreement.</p> 
<p>In fact, Zhou Zhong was very conscious of this, he was hoping that Fang Yuan would violate the agreement.</p> 
<p>If that happens, the enemies would be wiped out, and this blessed land would become the feathermen's property. Regarding the condition for ownership from Tai Bai land spirit, that would be something to think about later.</p> 
<p>Of course, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng could not attack, they also could not summon outsiders like Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan to interfere.</p> 
<p>Even though the feathermen did not have the intelligence of humans, such an obvious loophole would still be handled.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan summoned reinforcements, he would be violating the agreement, he would die.</p> 
<p>"Indeed, the ten duels have ended, according to our earlier agreement, we have to open the doors and let the remaining feathermen leave." Fang Yuan nodded, saying to Zhou Zhong: "Don't worry, we won't go back on our words."</p> 
<p>"Good." Zhou Zhong let out a breath of cloudy air, he felt much regret towards Fang Yuan's act of keeping his word.</p> 
<p>"But..." Fang Yuan's words shifted.</p> 
<p>"But what?" Zhou Zhong looked at him nervously.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed lightly: "We won the tenth duel, according to the rules, I can choose slaves from among the feathermen on the ground, and the rest will be allowed to leave."</p> 
<p>Zhou Zhong sighed, he looked at the clansmen on the ground, feeling very complicated, his fingers were stabbing into his flesh.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng descended as they started picking slaves from among these feathermen.</p> 
<p>The feathermen were flustered, they were afraid of getting chosen.</p> 
<p>"Don't move, let me choose properly." Fang Yuan purposely shouted.</p> 
<p>The feathermen were even more fearful now, they were like chicks in front of an eagle.</p> 
<p>"Mm, this girl is not bad." Fang Yuan pretended to think about it, he beckoned with his finger as a young girl was restrained by a formless force, pulled towards him from the featherman group.</p> 
<p>"No, I don't want to!" The featherman girl's eyes oozed with tears of helplessness.</p> 
<p>"Let go of my fiancée!!" A young featherman charged up before any of the feathermen could stop him.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's eyes shined with a ruthless light, he snorted: "Courting death."</p> 
<p>He did not make any evident movements, but the featherman youngster, who was merely a rank two Gu Master, froze in the air as he was flying, his face distorted as his body went into spasms.</p> 
<p>At the next moment, he fell onto the ground.</p> 
<p>Even though he was caught by the surrounding feathermen, blood was running rampant in his entire body, his seven orifices were bursting with blood, he was going to die.</p> 
<p>"What did you do?!" Zhou Zhong was furious, he landed on the ground and pressed on the featherman youngster's chest, healing him personally.</p> 
<p>The featherman youngster was hit by Fang Yuan's blood path methods, his blood ran wild and spurt outside.</p> 
<p>But with Zhou Zhong's suppression, the attack was resolved and the featherman youngster's life was saved.</p> 
<p>Zhou Zhong raised his head and looked at Fang Yuan, his expression was dark: "Sir, you attacked a mortal, that is insulting to the status of a Gu Immortal. And I remember that in the agreement, you are not to freely attack or kill our feathermen!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan shrugged: "Gu Immortals have their status, but even more than that, their authority is not to be offended. I did not violate the agreement, he was the one who had intentions to attack me. It is stated in the agreement clearly that if the mortal feathermen attempt to attack me, I have the rights to kill them. Isn't that right?"</p> 
<p>Zhou Zhong could not reply to this.</p> 
<p>In terms of playing around rules, Fang Yuan was much stronger than him.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed heartily: "Don't worry, I will not violate the agreement."</p> 
<p>Zhou Zhong gritted his teeth, his eyes were spewing fire.</p> 
<p>"Then I will choose you as my next slave, Zhou Zhong." Suddenly, Fang Yuan pointed at Zhou Zhong, he showed a smile, like his scheme had succeeded.</p> 
<p>"What, what did you say?!" At this moment, Zhou Zhong almost thought that he was hearing things.</p> 
<p>He wanted a Gu Immortal to become his slave?</p> 
<p>How could this be possible?!</p> 
<p>Zhou Zhong looked at Fang Yuan in disbelief, did the other party go crazy?</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan said with a smile: "Zhou Zhong, did you forget? Our agreement was, as long as my side wins, I can choose a portion of these feathermen on the ground and make them into my slaves."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan placed an emphasis on the words 'on the ground'.</p> 
<p>Zhou Zhong felt like a thunderbolt had struck him, he was stunned on the spot, not moving at all.</p> 
<p>The surrounding feathermen were no longer flustered and jumping around, they were frozen like statues, staring at their Gu Immortal, staring at his feet.</p> 
<p>Zhou Zhong was stepping on the ground!</p> 
<p>At this moment, Zhou Zhong's expression was very interesting, it turned from pale as paper to dark and solemn.</p> 
<p>His wings fluttered subconsciously, he wanted to raise his legs as if the floor was lava, it was burning his legs.</p> 
<p>"Hehehe." Fang Yuan laughed in a monstrous manner, a crafty light was shining in his red eyes: "The moment you stepped on the ground, you became my slave. Zhou Zhong, even if you fly now, it is too late!"</p> 
<p>Zhou Zhong shouted at Fang Yuan: "This is a trap! This is an evil plot!!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed heartily, he showed a look of smugness and shamelessness: "That is right, this is a trap, this is an evil plot. Unfortunately, you fell for it."</p> 
<p>Beside him, Tai Bai Yun Sheng sighed: "You can only blame yourselves for neglecting your own bodies. Indeed, the authority of Gu Immortals cannot be offended, it is rare for slaves to be Gu Immortals. When we set the agreement, you were both flying in the air, away from the ground, thus you did not notice this trap. Of course, if you realized it and did not step on the ground, there was also nothing we could do. But you had a guilty conscience, you wanted to sacrifice a portion of the feathermen and let them become slaves so as to obtain freedom for you and the rest of the feathermen."</p> 
<p>"Cough, cough." Fang Yuan coughed: "Old Bai, even if he did not land on the ground, I still have my ways. We can pick our slaves slowly, we can take a year or two and directly cripple the feathermen. They need food and water to survive, but Tai Bai blessed land is yours, due to the agreement, they cannot inflict any damage on the blessed land, as long as we do not pick our slaves, they will be prisoners inside the blessed land."</p> 
<p>This time, even Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked at Fang Yuan with shock.</p> 
<p>Zhou Zhong opened his mouth wide, at this moment, he felt that he was simply too foolish and naive!</p>
    </body>
</html>
