<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 746: Joyful News, A Way To Escape The Zombie Body</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 746: Joyful News, A Way To Escape The Zombie Body</h1>
        
        <p>A few days later, Tai Bai Yun Sheng returned to Hu Immortal blessed land.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan met with him and saw the joy in his eyes, saying: "Old Bai, it seems that you have obtained something great in this journey to Eastern Sea."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng laughed heartily: "Junior brother is sharp as ever, that is right. Guess what gains I made this time?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan said in curiosity: "Fairy Yu Lu was a female attendant of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, she cultivated earth path and water path, she was skilled in defense and healing. I know about the group that you went with to attack the blessed land, did you unexpectedly succeed in one try, and manage to take down Yu Lu blessed land?"</p> 
<p>In truth, Fang Yuan did not think well of the prospects of Tai Bai Yun Sheng's trip.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's expression turned stiff, he sighed: "So junior brother did not expect us to succeed, you were right after all. In this attempt, we attacked the blessed land for seven days and seven nights, but we were defeated by the land spirit, and suffered huge losses. A Gu Immortal nearly died, but I used man as before Immortal Gu to save this person."</p> 
<p>"Oh?" Fang Yuan raised his eyebrows. He knew about the value of man as before Immortal Gu, once Tai Bai Yun Sheng exposed this Gu, his value would greatly rise among this group of people.</p> 
<p>As expected, Tai Bai Yun Sheng continued: "After my man as before Immortal Gu was exposed, I gained a lot of attention and respect. Next, Shark Demon invited me enthusiastically to go to Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance as a guest. Why would I dare to go to other people's base all alone? Thus, I rejected him. In the end, Shark Demon and two other immortal zombies hosted me in Hai Shi blessed land, and during the banquet I heard an important piece of news."</p> 
<p>Saying so, Tai Bai Yun Sheng paused, halting his words as he looked at Fang Yuan with shining eyes.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed mentally, he followed his intention and asked: "Hehehe, what important news is it? For you to leave me hanging like this?"</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's expression was solemn, he said: "It is a method that can revive you, junior brother, it is a method to break free of your immortal zombie body!"</p> 
<p>"Oh?" Fang Yuan's eyebrows rose.</p> 
<p>He had made no progress after joining Northern Plains Zombie Alliance. To think that Tai Bai Yun Sheng would make more progress before Fang Yuan even gained anything.</p> 
<p>"What method is it?" Fang Yuan asked.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng said: "Shark Demon has a wife called Su Bai Man, she is also an immortal zombie. A long time ago, she obtained a time path Immortal Gu from an opportunity after defeating strong foes, its name is Time Anchor. This Gu can leave a mark in the river of time, even though that is useless on its own, when paired with other time path Immortal Gu, the effect is incredible."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan heard this and understood what Tai Bai Yun Sheng was going to say.</p> 
<p>His eyes shined, but they quickly dimmed: "Old Bai, I understand what you mean. I've heard of time anchor Immortal Gu long ago, if paired with your Landscape as Before, it can indeed make a mountain or river be restored to a certain period in time. If used with Man as Before, it can theoretically send a target back to their body condition at a certain time period as well. But the requirement for this is, time anchor Immortal Gu has to leave a marking in advance."</p> 
<p>"That is correct, my man as before Immortal Gu can only go back by an instant in time, but with time anchor Immortal Gu, we can exceed that limit of a single instant. Junior brother, with this method, you might be able to get rid of your immortal zombie status." Tai Bai Yun Sheng was excited.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's words were not wrong.</p> 
<p>Gu are the essence of heaven and earth, they each have one effect, all being different. Immortal Gu are unique, although they are powerful, they have weaknesses and limitations.</p> 
<p>Man is the spirit of all beings, they were most skilled in wisdom and creation. Using a combination of different Gu worms, they could raise the overall effect and make up for the respective Gu's weaknesses.</p> 
<p>"With time anchor Immortal Gu's assistance, man as before Immortal Gu can break free of the single instant limitation, but..." Fang Yuan shook his head, continuing: "The coordinated usage of two Immortal Gu is not as simple as just using them, many mortal Gu are needed at the same time. In fact, other Immortal Gu might also be needed, in order to form an immortal killer move. Time Anchor and Man as Before can indeed coordinate theoretically. But you do not have a corresponding immortal killer move, I think Shark Demon is providing you such hospitality because he wants you to help them, to contribute Man as Before so that they can research the immortal killer move, right?"</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded continuously, praising: "Junior brother is smart, you guessed accurately, that was indeed the case."</p> 
<p>"It is a pity, it is a pity." Fang Yuan shook his head again.</p> 
<p>"A pity what? I think this method has high hopes." Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked at Fang Yuan uncertainly.</p> 
<p>"Old Bai, you should know, the fact that I have become an immortal zombie has long since been set in stone. Maybe Shark Demon and others had used time anchor Immortal Gu before becoming immortal zombies, and left a marking in the river of time, but I did not. Thus, even if you research this killer move successfully, it is useless for me." Fang Yuan sighed.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng laughed: "Junior brother, your concern is right. But I have good news for you, that is, Su Bai Man and Shark Demon had not used time anchor Immortal Gu to leave a marking."</p> 
<p>"Oh?"</p> 
<p>"Back then, Su Bai Man forced back her enemies and obtained time anchor Immortal Gu, but she did not know its usage. Su Bai Man was heavily injured at that time, she had no choice but to become an immortal zombie. After Shark Demon learned about this, in order to accompany his wife, he became an immortal zombie even though he had ample lifespan. Years after the two became immortal zombies, they finally learned about the origin and usage of time anchor Immortal Gu."</p> 
<p>"So that's it." Fang Yuan's expression changed.</p> 
<p>Getting a mysterious Immortal Gu and spending a few years or even over ten years to learn about the origin and use of it, this was quite common.</p> 
<p>Previously in Imperial Court blessed land, Fang Yuan obtained many Immortal Gu as well, but he did not dare to test them recklessly.</p> 
<p>Thankfully, there was Lang Ya land spirit to clear up the information regarding those Gu.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng continued: "When they found out about the use of time anchor Gu, they were in deep regret, but it was too late. I had the same concerns as you, junior brother, and asked them during the banquet. Shark Demon and the other immortal zombies mentioned another method, that was Spring Autumn Cicada."</p> 
<p>"Oh?" Fang Yuan had a curious but suspicious expression: "Spring Autumn Cicada is that mystical Gu? Legends say that it can travel up the river of time, and return to the past. But that has never been confirmed."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not suspect anything: "Spring Autumn Cicada is not reliable, mentioning Spring Autumn Cicada was only as an example. Shark Demon was trying to say that even though they missed the timing to use time anchor Immortal Gu, if they could use Immortal Gu like Spring Autumn Cicada, they could bring the Gu Immortal in front of the river of time. By then, using time anchor Immortal Gu to leave a marking upstream, one could use man as before Immortal Gu successfully. I think that this method has a high chance of success."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan shut his eyes slightly, he fell into deep thought and did not speak.</p> 
<p>What Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not know was, Fang Yuan in front of him was the owner of Spring Autumn Cicada. Be it Shark Demon or Tai Bai Yun Sheng, they were not familiar with Spring Autumn Cicada, they only knew about it from rumors.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought: "If I could directly use Spring Autumn Cicada, I would have used it. Why would I need to use an additional step with time anchor Immortal Gu? But this method, in theory, is possible."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had an agreement with wisdom Gu, in a way, he controlled wisdom Gu.</p> 
<p>He could rise up quickly despite being an immortal zombie, charge forward in over half a year, rapidly changing his situation and finances, half of the reason was due to wisdom Gu.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan wanted to use Spring Autumn Cicada to be reborn and get rid of the immortal zombie trouble, he would have used it long ago. That is, leaving aside for now the failure chance of Spring Autumn Cicada.</p> 
<p>But during the Northern Plains journey, Fang Yuan was too weak, even if he was reborn and did it again, there were too many variables. Fang Yuan did not even have a five percent confidence of getting greater benefits from it.</p> 
<p>The agreement with wisdom Gu was truly due to the perfect time and place, that moment was simply too unique! The rank nine wisdom Gu was Fang Yuan's greatest profit. If he did not obtain wisdom Gu, there would be no better benefits in comparison.</p> 
<p>"Other than Spring Autumn Cicada, there are other time path Immortal Gu. Like looking back Immortal Gu and vivid recollection Immortal Gu, they can allow a Gu Immortal to stand in the present and observe the past, except that the two have differences. Using Looking Back in the area of the old earth wood would allow one to see the former glorious scenery. Using vivid recollection Immortal Gu would allow one to inspect their own past. By refining the two Immortal Gu together, one could obtain the rank eight Immortal Gu Extreme Past, the Gu Immortal's will can be drawn out and observe all that has happened in the past through the river of time."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan deduced in his mind: "If I had the time path investigative Immortal Gu Extreme Past, using it with the time anchor Immortal Gu, I might be able to form a time path immortal killer move, standing in the present and marking the past. Next, I can use man as before Immortal Gu to return to my human body and restore my living state, without losing wisdom Gu. Of course, extreme past Immortal Gu is just an example. There might be other time path Immortal Gu that are more compatible with Time Anchor."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought over it before opening his eyes.</p> 
<p>"Old Bai, thank you." He thanked Tai Bai Yun Sheng sincerely: "Although this method is innovative, it would expend a lot of time, effort, and resources, it is at least a hundred year project. But it is a form of hope at least."</p> 
<p>"We are like family, there is not need to say thanks." Tai Bai Yun Sheng responded immediately.</p> 
<p>However, Old Tai Bai understood what Fang Yuan was saying, he sighed as he continued: "Exactly, it is at least some hope. Even though it will take a long time, during this period, junior brother, you can use the black oil in Zombie Alliance to slow the destruction of your blessed land. Even though black oil is hard to get, with my cooperative relationship with Shark Demon, I will be able to get enough."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed: "During the period when you were gone, I had already used a fake identity, called Sha Huang, and made my way into Northern Plains Zombie Alliance."</p> 
<p>"So junior brother had such a plan."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan continued: "I want to attend the auction in Northern Plains, come along with me. This is the mortal killer move unfamiliar face, it came from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable. I have a few cloud path killer moves, you can take a look, aren't you cultivating cloud path now as well?"</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng received these killer move as a warm feeling emerged in his heart: "When I was thinking about my junior brother's problems, he was also looking out for my benefits!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan showed him the Gu Immortal captives and the deal he had with Lang Ya land spirit.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was shocked, he said with worry and excitement: "It seems that this auction will be a great show! I will go with you, it would be best if Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan also are there."</p> 
<p>"They will definitely go. But although our alliance was exposed to Hei Cheng, now is not the time to openly travel with them." Fang Yuan said.</p> 
<p>"Junior brother makes sense." Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded.</p>
    </body>
</html>
