<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 781: Tai Qiu is not an Inheritance Ground</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 781: Tai Qiu is not an Inheritance Ground</h1>
        
        <p>Northern Plains, Tai Qiu.</p> 
<p>An intense battle was reaching its climax.</p> 
<p>On one side, there were three Gu Masters, on the other side, it was a myriad beast sized goat group.</p> 
<p>Two Gu Masters were in front, retreating under the fierce attacks of the goat group. Behind, one person had a robe filled with bloodstains, even though his face was like jade, he had a tired expression, he was breathing roughly as his eyes were drooping.</p> 
<p>Suddenly, with a loud call, the myriad beast coiling mountain goat king led its group of elite goats as they attacked the three Gu Masters.</p> 
<p>The assault became faster and faster, the goat group attacked from both sides, resembling ripples from a sea's waves, splitting up and leaving a path in the middle.</p> 
<p>In a few breaths of time, the goat king was right in front of them.</p> 
<p>"Young master, quickly retreat!"</p> 
<p>"The situation is dangerous, we will stay here, young master, think of the future."</p> 
<p>The two Gu Masters saw this desperate situation, their eyes were wide open as they shouted.</p> 
<p>But the person behind them was in bad shape, it was as if he did not hear them.</p> 
<p>One of the Gu Masters had a resolute expression as he made a decision, speaking: "Dong Po Kong, you are a flying master, quickly escape with young master. I will stall them!"</p> 
<p>The other Gu Master, Dong Po Kong's body shook, looking at his ally, he hesitated: "Tan Wu Feng..."</p> 
<p>The Gu Master who wanted to stay behind was Tan Wu Feng.</p> 
<p>Previously, he was a demonic path Gu Master, he, together with Hao Ji Liu, were known as the Wind and Water Demons, they were very famous.</p> 
<p>Hao Ji Liu went to Hei Lou Lan, in the end, he died in there, along with everyone else later due to Fang Yuan destroying Imperial Court blessed land. On the contrary, Wind Demon Tan Wu Feng went to Dong Fang Yu Liang, even though they lost in the Imperial Court contest, his life was preserved. He converted from demonic to righteous, becoming a subordinate of Dong Fang tribe's previous leader, Dong Fang Yu Liang.</p> 
<p>But right now, Tan Wu Feng wanted to stay behind and singlehandedly resist the myriad beast goat group. He was using his life to gain precious time for his allies, for them to escape!</p> 
<p>There was no hope of surviving, this was truly a suicide mission.</p> 
<p>Dong Po Kong's heart shook, he felt moved.</p> 
<p>Even though Tan Wu Feng was strong, as a righteous path member, he felt suspicious towards Tan Wu Feng's motives and intentions for converting. Other than that, he also felt disdain and contempt.</p> 
<p>But right now, in Dong Po Kong's heart, these suspicions, disdain, all vanished, turning into an emotion of tragic guilt.</p> 
<p>Under the influence of his genuine emotions, he spoke: "Good brother, I will bring young master away now!"</p> 
<p>Tan Wu Feng was staring with wide opened eyes, seeing the approaching goat group, he was anxious, shouting loudly: "Why aren't you scramming?!"</p> 
<p>Dong Po Kong turned around and left, two streaks of tears falling from his eyes.</p> 
<p>He knew that he had to fight against time, if they wanted to escape, Tan Wu Feng's sacrifice was not enough, they needed his flying master attainment to be fully displayed along the way.</p> 
<p>Even then, they had less than a thirty percent chance of success.</p> 
<p>However, at this moment.</p> 
<p>The blood bathed white robed Gu Master opened his eyes, raising his head as he shouted: "Seven star light!"</p> 
<p>Saying this, his entire body shot upwards, seven lumps of light of all colors were floating around him, rapidly circling around his body.</p> 
<p>Swoosh!</p> 
<p>A huge lump of star thoughts, under the support of the seven star light, burst out.</p> 
<p>In an instant, the surroundings were dyed in blue, starlight shined brightly and hit the surprised goat group.</p> 
<p>The coiling mountain goat group's myriad beast king shouted loudly, but their momentum was too great, the goat group rammed into the countless star thoughts.</p> 
<p>"Young master!"</p> 
<p>"Lord Yu Liang!"</p> 
<p>Tan Wu Feng and Dong Po Kong saw this and were excited and joyful.</p> 
<p>An immense amount of star thoughts formed a star cloud as it rumbled endlessly. A moment later, half of the star thoughts were destroyed, but as they dispersed, the myriad beast goat king had died, along with dozens of elite goat beasts.</p> 
<p>The goat group lost their goat king and broke apart. Splitting into multiple smaller groups let by thousand beast goat kings, the huge goat group had turned into numerous smaller groups that scattered everywhere.</p> 
<p>The blood bathed white robed Gu Master descended slowly to the surface, his body shuddered as he almost fell on the ground.</p> 
<p>Even though he dealt a fatal blow and overturned the situation, he was barely hanging on now.</p> 
<p>"Young master!" Tan Wu Feng and Dong Po Kong came up, holding this Gu Master's arms.</p> 
<p>This Gu Master was Dong Fang Yu Liang, after Northern Plains' number one wisdom path Gu Immortal, Dong Fang Chang Fan, died, he was his chosen inheritor!</p> 
<p>His face was extremely pale, he controlled his dizziness as he forced a laugh: "Alright, we finally beat this myriad beast goat group, we have time to rest now."</p> 
<p>"Young master..." Tan Wu Feng and Dong Po Kong looked at each other, they were moved and in admiration.</p> 
<p>Dong Po Kong was holding Dong Fang Yu Liang as he sat down slowly, he could not help but urge: "Young master, Tai Qiu is one of the ten great fierce areas, after entering this place for three days, we had already encountered more than ten waves of beast groups. Originally, we had more than ten people, now only us three are left. It is not a big deal if I die here, but young master is precious, if something happens to you, what will we do? Looking at this situation, why don't we retreat first before coming here again?"</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang sat on the ground, smiling bitterly to himself, shaking his head: "You do not know the situation, this is my last, and only chance. I had already put everything into this attempt, it is like an arrow that has been shot, we cannot turn back any longer. We need to make use of our time now and rest, trying to recover our battle strength."</p> 
<p>Saying so, he shut his eyes, grabbing two primeval stones as he entered a state of rest.</p> 
<p>Dong Po Kong and Tan Wu Feng looked at each other, seeing the determination in each other's eyes, they nodded as they sat around Dong Fang Yu Liang, taking out their primeval stones and meditating.</p> 
<p>At the outskirts of Tai Qiu, Gu Immortal Lu Qing Ming retracted his gaze as he praised: "To think that as a mortal, Dong Fang Yu Liang could advance so deeply into Tai Qiu. This time, he expressed weakness and lured his enemies in, causing the coiling mountain myriad beast goat king to charge up and letting him kill the leader, he actually managed to survive this difficulty."</p> 
<p>Standing beside him, Gu Immortal Han Dong snorted coldly: "This Tai Qiu is one of the ten great fierce areas, there are desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts living here, even us Gu Immortals do not dare to charge in recklessly. Dong Fang Chang Fan placed his inheritance ground here, he was guarding against us."</p> 
<p>Gu Immortal Su Guang added: "That is right, Dong Fang Yu Liang and the others are all mortal Gu Masters, they have weak auras and do not attract the attentions of the desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts. With the route that Dong Fang Chang Fan planned for them, they would only meet some ordinary beast groups while entering the deep parts of Tai Qiu. If we go, our Gu Immortal auras would leak and cause the resistance of desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts. Hmm? More Gu Immortals are coming to the outskirts."</p> 
<p>The other two Gu Immortals heard this and sensed something, they looked towards the southeast direction.</p> 
<p>Only to see that three Gu Immortals had just approached towards them, they were wearing black robes and had masks on, only showing their eyes.</p> 
<p>"Heh, more people that want to have a share of the profits." Han Dong's eyes shined ominously, his tone was eerie.</p> 
<p>The three black robed Gu Immortals descended.</p> 
<p>They were none other than Fairy Li Shan, Fang Yuan, and Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan was a famous Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, previously, she had agreed to an alliance with Dong Fang Chang Fan, she could not covet his possessions openly, thus she had to hide her appearance.</p> 
<p>Meanwhile, Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan were involved in the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, they had to conceal their appearances.</p> 
<p>The three slowly descended, floating in the air outside of Tai Qiu, they were not planning to go inside. They first glanced at Dong Fang Yu Liang and the others before looking around.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan chuckled, "Dong Fang Chang Fan's wisdom path inheritance is truly attractive. The outskirts of Tai Qiu had so many Gu Immortals hiding around. Just with my methods, I found more than twenty."</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan continued: "I found twenty-six, most of them are demonic path Gu Immortals, but there are also Gu Immortals from Dong Fang tribe."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan took a look, but he only found nineteen.</p> 
<p>Although his battle strength had been raised, his investigative methods could not compare to an established veteran Gu Immortal like Fairy Li Shan. As for Hei Lou Lan, her investigative methods exceeded his, this made him internally alert.</p> 
<p>"No wonder Dong Fang Yu Liang is rushing to obtain the wisdom path inheritance. It seems that Dong Fang tribe's Gu Immortals are also after this inheritance. After all, with this inheritance, one has a chance of becoming Northern Plains' number one wisdom path Gu Immortal. Even their own Gu Immortals cannot resist this temptation." Fairy Li Shan sighed.</p> 
<p>"Did Dong Fang Chang Fan make any mistakes? He signed an agreement with the righteous path super forces, so that they would not come after this, but he missed his own tribe's Gu Immortals." Hei Lou Lan said, she frowned slightly, she felt that Dong Fang Chang Fan would not be so careless.</p> 
<p>"Dong Fang Chang Fan is the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, he left the inheritance clues in Dong Fang Yu Liang's mind. Such wisdom path techniques cannot be broken easily. Right now, the Gu Immortals are all waiting here, it seems that they are biding their time until Dong Fang Yu Liang opens the inheritance, before they start robbing it." Fang Yuan said.</p> 
<p>His motive in this journey was to get a complete wisdom path inheritance.</p> 
<p>Wisdom path inheritances had greater value the more complete they were.</p> 
<p>But currently, it seemed like his goal was going to fail. There were so many Gu Immortals after the inheritance, when they obtained it, they might form a situation where the inheritance gets split up.</p> 
<p>"Thankfully, my battle strength rose a lot just now, I have a chance at competing. Later, when we snatch it, I should avoid being the center of attention, so that the crowd would not attack me together, I need to strategize."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan made his tactics.</p> 
<p>Although he had high battle strength, there were many Gu Immortals, he could not fight them together. Of course, he was not stupid enough to attempt doing that anyway.</p> 
<p>However, a change occurred right at this moment!</p> 
<p>A blinding flash appeared, as the light faded, Dong Fang Yu Liang, Tan Wu Feng, and Dong Po Kong vanished from their original spots.</p> 
<p>"This is a teleportation Gu formation?"</p> 
<p>"It was hidden underground, we didn't discover it."</p> 
<p>"Dong Fang Chang Fan's arrangements are indeed not simple, this Tai Qiu was not the true inheritance ground, it was just a place to hinder us."</p> 
<p>"Quick, while the Gu formation still has some aura remaining, quickly search for clues before it dissipates!"</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortal realized at once, showing up and charging towards the deep parts of Tai Qiu.</p> 
<p>Grrr!</p> 
<p>Desolate beasts, and even ancient desolate beasts were stirred, they rushed out from all areas of Tai Qiu.</p>
    </body>
</html>
