<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 915: The Biggest Winner</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 915: The Biggest Winner</h1>
        
        <p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's dream realm was displayed in front of Fang Yuan once again.</p> 
<p>It was night, a huge fire was burning.</p> 
<p>Dancing around the fire were beastmen making beastly shouts and growls one after another.</p> 
<p>This was a celebration.</p> 
<p>A bloody celebration after hunting.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan calmly looked around him.</p> 
<p>He was once again a human child bound tightly. Around him were many other boys and girls in the same situation.</p> 
<p>"We are doomed, we are dead meat!"</p> 
<p>"Wuwuwu... I don't want to be eaten."</p> 
<p>The kids cried, desperate and pale.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's eyes flashed with a sharp light as he suddenly stood up and shouted: "I want wind knot grass!"</p> 
<p>The beastman tribe's celebration had just entered a heated stage.</p> 
<p>And right at this time, Fang Yuan's voice suddenly pierced into this celebration.</p> 
<p>For a moment, the bestial calls paused and all the beastmen looked at Fang Yuan with blood-red eyes.</p> 
<p>An enormous pressure was formed, the human children became as silent as cicadas during winter, shivering, some even peed their pants.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was without any expression, as he shouted once more.</p> 
<p>The beastman leader grunted furiously before instructing with surging killing intent: "Give it to him!"</p> 
<p>"Little rascal, I will be watching you. As long as you ruin even a small strand, I will use my trunk to roll your tender little body into meat paste." An elephant beastman walked over and handed a ball of wind knot grass to Fang Yuan while threatening him.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan chuckled and glanced at the wind knot grass on his hand before raising his head: "One? How is this enough? Give me one ball of wind knot grass for every human captive there is here. I will untie all the wind knot grass, and save all of them!"</p> 
<p>Instantly, shocked sounds came from all around.</p> 
<p>Be it the beastmen or the children beside Fang Yuan, they all stared at Fang Yuan with different expressions.</p> 
<p>After the momentary shock, the beastmen started laughing loudly.</p> 
<p>And the children who had felt hopeful, felt dispirited again, worried and desperate.</p> 
<p>Soon, all the wind knot grass were laid in front of Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>The height of the whole wind knot grass pile was several times Fang Yuan's current size.</p> 
<p>Were he to use his own strength, it would be impossible to untie all this wind knot grass in the extremely limited time.</p> 
<p>Besides Fang Yuan, no one else believed he could succeed.</p> 
<p>Under everyone's gazes, Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air and began to disassemble the wind knot grass.</p> 
<p>Unravel dream.</p> 
<p>Unravel dream.</p> 
<p>Unravel dream.</p> 
<p>...</p> 
<p>This special immortal killer move was created with a wisdom path Immortal Gu, Unravel Mystery, as the core and several supplementary dream path mortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Right now, it produced extremely great effects.</p> 
<p>However, although unravel mystery Immortal Gu could be used repeatedly, other dream path mortal Gu would be expended after continuous use.</p> 
<p>Fortunately, Fang Yuan had never slacked off.</p> 
<p>He would take out some time every day to explore his own dream realm and refine dream path mortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Little by little, these dream path mortal Gu accumulated and were used at this moment. It was as the saying goes: Opportunities favor those who are prepared.</p> 
<p>"I have finally entered the second round of the dream realm!" Fang Yuan felt satisfied inwardly.</p> 
<p>This time, he was not thrown out by the dream realm, and succeeded in his hopes of entering the second round of the dream realm.</p> 
<p>As it turned out, to pass through the first round of the dream realm, one had to save all the children.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had tried it before but was actually late by a step.</p> 
<p>In the original route of the dream realm, a portion of the children were already killed by the elephantman.</p> 
<p>The elephantman brought these children under the beastman leader's instruction, but he intentionally slipped up, smashing the tree trunk to the ground.</p> 
<p>The tree trunk easily crushed many bound children, their flesh was fought over by the beastmen and devoured.</p> 
<p>Although this did conform to the beastman tribe's traditions, it could be considered to be skirting around them.</p> 
<p>The elephantman was a famous warrior of the beastman tribe, the beastman leader and others also put up with this action.</p> 
<p>When Fang Yuan was subduing the hidden essence turtle and nether grass, he realized this key point and saved all the human children, finally succeeding and entering the second round.</p> 
<p>"After passing the first round, my wisdom path attainment has probably reached master level!"</p> 
<p>"A lot of dream path mortal Gu have been expended by repeatedly using the killer move unravel dream, I will need to be more sparing."</p> 
<p>"It is a pity that when I followed the information obtained from Mo Yao's will to look for that spring dream fruit tree, it was already cut down by some ignorant mortals half a year ago. Otherwise, with this tree, the amount of dream path mortal Gu with me would be at least ten times the number!"</p> 
<p>"The first round should be derived from the memory of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's childhood. Maybe it was a regret of hers. I saved all the children which could be considered as making up for her regret, thus succeeding in passing the first round."</p> 
<p>"Now, what will the second round be like?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan suppressed his churning thoughts and observed his surroundings.</p> 
<p>It was a mountain.</p> 
<p>In the lonely night sky, few stars shone.</p> 
<p>Just like in summer, warm wind blew gently, bringing with it the fragrance of the lush mountain forest.</p> 
<p>The gurgling of the brook, the rustling of the leaves and the song of the nightingales mixed together to form sounds of nature that needed no words to adorn them.</p> 
<p>Compared the bloody, cruel and vicious first round, this second round was mild as a drizzle and gentle as a breeze.</p> 
<p>"Move quickly, what are you being dazed for?"</p> 
<p>"As long as we can take six steps over the astrolabe chessboard, we can obtain the legacy of Lord Immortal Venerable!"</p> 
<p>"If we can become Lord Immortal Venerable's disciples, we can learn abilities and become experts! At that time, we will avenge our families and kill those damned beastmen."</p> 
<p>The surrounding children urged Fang Yuan to move, when they saw him stop.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan immediately understood some conditions to pass the second round.</p> 
<p>"There are records of this in history. The first rank nine Gu Immortal in human history is known as Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable. He was very aware of the drawbacks of the clan system, and to initiate a sect system, he set an example himself, setting up astrolabes in many places. As long as someone was able to walk six steps on the astrolabe chessboard, they could become his personal disciple."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan recalled as he followed the surrounding companions towards the peak.</p> 
<p>There, he saw the famous astrolabe chessboard.</p> 
<p>The astrolabe chessboard was carved on a giant rock with a flat surface.</p> 
<p>On the rock were lines that were either horizontal cuts, vertical cuts or diagonal cuts.</p> 
<p>Every time the breeze blew, these lines would flash with deep blue starry radiance.</p> 
<p>When Fang Yuan approached closer, these starry lines directly passed through his eyes and appeared in his mind.</p> 
<p>At the same time, his soul was suddenly being consumed at dozens of times the previous rate!</p> 
<p>Many of the children who came with him stopped, unable to go forward, some even fainted on the spot.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan concentrated and walked forward till he reached the giant rock, he then slowly put his palm on the rock surface.</p> 
<p>Boom.</p> 
<p>His ears buzzed as he hallucinated.</p> 
<p>Those thin starry lines suddenly expanded into paths he was walking on. And Fang Yuan's whole body blossomed with starry radiance, becoming a star chess piece, stopping in this web of these starry paths.</p> 
<p>Astrolabe chessboard!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan observed, cold sweat filling his head.</p> 
<p>He thought for a long while before taking a step hesitatingly.</p> 
<p>The next moment, his soul was thrown out of the dream realm and returned to his physical body.</p> 
<p>His soul was heavily injured!</p> 
<p>One wrong step and everything failed.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's body swayed, almost falling down to the ground. The injury to his soul was much more severe than Feng Jin Huang's, almost costing him half his life!</p> 
<p>"The second round of the dream realm is immensely more dangerous than the first round!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan revealed a shocked expression before immediately calming down.</p> 
<p>"But, I have already passed the first round and received great gains. My wisdom path attainment has indeed already reached master level."</p> 
<p>"There is still time, no need to hurry. I will use guts Gu to recuperate first, then slowly explore."</p> 
<p>While Fang Yuan was healing his injuries, opposite him, obstructed by the external manifestation of the dream realm, Feng Jin Huang had just finished recovering, she opened her eyes and stood up, intending to try again.</p> 
<p>"Eh, why has the dream realm shrunk again?"</p> 
<p>"Moreover, it has shrunken much more this time, almost by a third!"</p> 
<p>Feng Jin Huang stared with wide open eyes.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had passed the first round and received huge gains, thus the first round of the dream realm's external manifestation had disappeared.</p> 
<p>This portion of the dream realm had already turned into nourishment for Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"Could it be that someone else has succeeded in exploring the dream realm?" Feng Jin Huang thought of this before laughing lightly to herself, "That is not possible. Mother used the sect's help and already deduced that I possess the only dream path Immortal Gu in Central Continent. It seems this dream realm is truly special, it will gradually shrink with time."</p> 
<p>"I need to hurry up!" Feng Jin Huang squinted her eyes as she activated dream wings Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Her dream wings flapped, bringing her soul into the dream realm.</p> 
<p>The moment she entered, Feng Jin Huang felt great joy.</p> 
<p>"This is clearly a deeper layer of the dream realm, this is great, I finally don't have to face that damned wind knot grass!" Right now, Feng Jin Huang was jumping with joy in the dream realm.</p> 
<p>However, after a while, Feng Jin Huang returned, utterly defeated.</p> 
<p>Her injured soul returned to its body, her face extremely pale.</p> 
<p>"There is no more wind knot grass, but now there is this even more complex astrolabe chessboard..." She bitterly looked at this dream realm in front of her, the external manifestation releasing all kinds of colors, gorgeous and mysterious.</p> 
<p>Grievance and anger filled her, but she had nowhere to vent it.</p> 
<p>Feng Jin Huang had gained many benefits from dream realms before, and with the dream wings Immortal Gu in her hands, she had gotten the thought that 'dream realms are just so-so', having a low opinion of the obstacles inside.</p> 
<p>Over her life, she had never failed so miserably like this.</p> 
<p>She had already spent the last few days facing this dream realm, she had received all sorts of injuries dozens of times, but had not made even the smallest gain!</p> 
<p>"Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, I will remember you..." Feng Jin Huang gritted her teeth, her eyes rolled backwards and she fainted, she finally could not endure the injuries.</p> 
<p>Time passed quickly, it was already the last day of the agreement.</p> 
<p>All the Gu Masters who had entered the fragment world came out and returned to the sides of their respective sect's Gu Immortals, reporting on their findings.</p> 
<p>Soon, all the immortals' gazes gathered on Fang Yuan and He Feng Yang.</p> 
<p>In this contest, Immortal Crane Sect without doubt monopolized the lead, not only eating meat, they did not even leave behind soup for others.</p> 
<p>In such a situation, Fang Yuan naturally did not want to stay for long.</p> 
<p>He completed the handover to He Feng Yang on the spot, and left this valley while keeping his dragonfish.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan remained silent about his gains, he was fully aware that he was the biggest winner in this contest!</p>
    </body>
</html>
