<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 787: Plotting For The Tribe Even After Death</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 787: Plotting For The Tribe Even After Death</h1>
        
        <p>Ever since Eighty-Eight True Yang Building collapsed, and Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed, the entirety of Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world had stirred up in shock, they were trying to find the culprit behind this.</p> 
<p>Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han had malicious intentions, not only did they join up and attack Fang Yuan together, they even slandered and tried to isolate him.</p> 
<p>By now, Fang Yuan had to speak: "Are you two trying to slander me into doing something foolish? Hehe, you are looking down on me, you are looking down on all our fellow immortals here. I am a true Northern Plains Gu Immortal, my Northern Plains aura is clear for everyone to see. If you want to defame me, you should at least make a credible lie."</p> 
<p>The other demonic path Gu Immortals retreated even further now.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan's mouth twitched.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan obviously was the culprit behind it all, but he was speaking now like he was innocent, with such confidence.</p> 
<p>Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han did not know that although they were deliberately making slander, they actually hit the truth. The one who caused Imperial Court blessed land's destruction, who else could it be but Fang Yuan?</p> 
<p>The contest of words was countered by Fang Yuan, Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han did not speak, they attacked even more fiercely.</p> 
<p>Being attacked at once by two rank sevens, Fang Yuan's forehead became covered in sweat quickly, he defended himself from all directions, he was barely holding on.</p> 
<p>After all, he was only a rank six immortal zombie, while his opponents were true rank seven Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>In terms of cultivation level, there was a huge difference.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan relied on the immortal killer move myriad self to display rank seven battle strength, but the longer the strength path giant hands were used, the more Fang Yuan's arms would be unable to sustain the burden, they would gradually reach the point of exploding into meat paste.</p> 
<p>"I have a wood path killer move, but it is a trump card of mine, I barely use it normally. It can be used on one of the enemies, and possibly gravely injure them. But I will need you to restrict them and move the location elsewhere." Fairy Li Shan saw that Fang Yuan was at a disadvantage, she was anxious and transmitted this to him.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan shook his head as he smiled bitterly, replying: "The strength path giant hands have incredible power, but they are slow, it is extremely difficult to trap any one of them, there is little hope. Fairy, you can wait for a moment, I still have a plan. If this fails, it will not be too late for you to strike."</p> 
<p>"Oh?" Fairy Li Shan heard this and held in her anxiety.</p> 
<p>After several rounds, Pi Shui Han and Unfettered Scholar were closing in, Fang Yuan's disadvantage was getting higher.</p> 
<p>"Now is the time." A bright flash shined across Fang Yuan's eyes, he manipulated six strength path giant hands as he slammed down.</p> 
<p>Pi Shui Han and Unfettered Scholar were both below the giant hands, they felt a strong pressure coming down from above, slamming towards them.</p> 
<p>At once, the air seemed to have frozen.</p> 
<p>The giant hands whipped up strong winds, causing Unfettered Scholar's clothes to flutter, as Pi Shui Han's expression tensed.</p> 
<p>The strength path giant hands slammed down together, they were so fierce that the onlookers' hearts jumped.</p> 
<p>But Pi Shui Han and Unfettered Scholar were already familiar with the strength path giant hands, the former scoffed while the latter smiled lightly, they used their movement killer moves and avoided the hands.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan acted differently from before, he did not stop his attack, he continued exerting force, slamming the six giant hands down on the ground.</p> 
<p>This change caught everyone off guard, even Dong Fang Chang Fan's star will below became stunned.</p> 
<p>"Oh no." The star will's expression changed, he wanted to stop it but it was too late.</p> 
<p>Boom!</p> 
<p>Six strength path giant hands slammed down in the air, causing ripples to appear in the space, the loud sound was like the boom of thunder.</p> 
<p>Countless space path dao marks embedded in the air were smashed by the strength path giant hands.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Chang Fan's arrangements were destroyed, the concealment illusion was gone, the immemorial desolate beast level ruin bat corpse's true appearance was exposed.</p> 
<p>What a huge ruin bat!</p> 
<p>Its body was sprawled flat on the ground, but it was still hundreds of meters in size. Its wings were thick and huge, covering a few li of sand.</p> 
<p>The bat wings were slightly lower, while the head was the highest, looking upon it from a high altitude, it resembled a small mountain.</p> 
<p>On the ruin bat's back, there was a huge wound.</p> 
<p>The wound was extremely deep, Fang Yuan looked at it and knew that it was the ruin bat's fatal injury, but he did not know which existence caused it.</p> 
<p>At the periphery of the injury, the flesh and fur of the ruin bat was corroded, showing its white bones. On the skeleton, there were extremely thick space path dao marks, interweaved together to conjure a small space.</p> 
<p>Inside this space, there was a hall that was so run-down it looked like ruins.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's six strength path giant hands had already broken into this small space, it was connected to the outside world now.</p> 
<p>"Dong Fang Chang Fan's arrangements were broken!"</p> 
<p>"His inheritance is inside, whoever snatches it first gets it!"</p> 
<p>"Fight, fight our way in."</p> 
<p>Wealth moved people's hearts, the inheritance of Northern Plains' number one wisdom path Gu Immortal in this generation, to the demonic path Gu Immortals, it was extremely attractive.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan opened a pathway directly, it triggered the greed in all of the demonic path Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>The first demonic path Gu Immortal flew down, causing the other demonic path Gu Immortals to feel an intense sense of urgency, they rushed down one after another.</p> 
<p>Unfettered Scholar was hesitant, while Pi Shui Han had already given up on Fang Yuan, he flew into the tunnel below.</p> 
<p>Unfettered Scholar sighed lightly, looking at Fang Yuan deeply, he turned into a white light and fought his way into the tunnel.</p> 
<p>But at the next moment, six brand new desolate level phantom beasts, as well as an ancient desolate level phantom beast flew out of the small space, colliding with all of the demonic path Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>The two sides fought in a chaotic mess again.</p> 
<p>"There is definitely someone manipulating this." Fang Yuan saw this and squinted, slightly shocked inside.</p> 
<p>Old Lord Can Yang was also shocked, the situation was getting more urgent, seemingly thoroughly sobering him.</p> 
<p>Snorting coldly, a cruel smile appeared on his face, as a huge flame turned Tan Wu Feng and Dong Po Kong into charcoal.</p> 
<p>These two poor rank fives, at the peak of the mortal world, they had a tough journey in following Dong Fang Yu Liang, reaching this stage. In the end, they were killed by Old Lord Can Yang in an instant, burnt to death.</p> 
<p>At the same time, as Old Lord Can Yang snorted coldly, Dong Fang Yu Liang, who was working hard, spat out blood like he was struck by lightning, he knelt on the ground.</p> 
<p>"Old scoundrel, you killed my subordinates, and still dare to attack me!" Dong Fang Yu Liang struggled to get up, he was shouting in anger and hatred.</p> 
<p>Old Lord Can Yang's eyes darted around, he sneered: "Don't frame me, I did nothing."</p> 
<p>In saying this, the corners of his eyes were locked on Dong Fang Chang Fan's star will.</p> 
<p>This was Old Lord Can Yang's probe, to see if this star will's methods were real or not.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Chang Fan's star will saw this and heaved a long sigh, saying: "It has gotten to this point, so be it, everyone come out."</p> 
<p>Once he said that, a change occurred.</p> 
<p>In the hall, a mysterious light burst out.</p> 
<p>When the light faded, eight Dong Fang tribe Gu Immortals appeared together, they were surrounding Old Lord Can Yang in the middle as they shouted:</p> 
<p>"Old scoundrel, you dare to target our tribe's inheritance, your death date will be today."</p> 
<p>"Although this old scoundrel is despicable, the traitor in our tribe is even more deplorable!"</p> 
<p>"Quickly tell us, who was the one who informed you in secret?"</p> 
<p>Old Lord Can Yang was no longer calm, panic flashed across his eyes as he looked at the star will with much rage and shock: "So this was a plot against me!"</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Chang Fan's star will nodded: "Indeed. Before my main body died, I had instructed Dong Fang Wan Xiu and taught him the correct method. Using this, he obtained the secret passageway from the teleportation Gu formation. He told the seven Gu Immortals around him this secret passageway. After that, on the way here, they met with my arrangements and were attacked by the desolate beasts, keeping them busy."</p> 
<p>"Meanwhile, the traitor in my tribe is evidently among these eight. The traitor was stalled by the desolate beasts and could not come here. Afraid that the wisdom path inheritance would end up in the hands of others, he sent this secret information using a certain method to you. After receiving the information, you surpassed the other demonic path Gu Immortals and arrived here first."</p> 
<p>Old Lord Can Yang's expression was grim, he stared at the star will as he said eerily: "So that is it. Even though you knew that Dong Fang tribe had a traitor, you did not know who it was."</p> 
<p>"That is correct." Star will nodded: "But now it seems, the traitor is among these eight."</p> 
<p>"Who was it, who betrayed our bloodline, who betrayed our tribe!" Dong Fang Wan Xiu screamed.</p> 
<p>"At this point, you have already exposed some clues, it will only take some effort to find you, why are you not owning up?" Dong Fang Yi Kong clenched his fists in anger.</p> 
<p>The other Gu Immortals looked at each other, some had solemn expressions while the others had a furious look.</p> 
<p>The situation was in a deadlock.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang tribe had eight Gu Immortals, but they were all rank six. Old Lord Can Yang was a true rank seven, and an expert even among rank sevens.</p> 
<p>Even though Dong Fang tribe's Gu Immortals were greater in numbers, they knew that one of them was a traitor, that caused them to be wary of each other, they did not attack directly.</p> 
<p>Old Lord Can Yang frowned slowly, looking at the star will: "Wait, since you saw through the plot and were targeting me from the start, you could have triggered the arrangements before I entered, why did you wait until now?"</p> 
<p>The star will stood on the spot, refusing to answer him.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang tribe's Gu Immortals also did not speak.</p> 
<p>The hall fell into silence, noises of the intense battles from above could be heard.</p> 
<p>Old Lord Can Yang twitched in sudden understanding: "I get it, you want to borrow my strength to deal with these demonic path Gu Immortals. All you need to do is to intentionally make Dong Fang Yu Liang fail, and I would think that I could compete for this inheritance. By then, all of the demonic path Gu Immortals outside would be my enemies. Of course, with your wisdom, you can certainly think of another, better method to make me your pawn. When these demonic path Gu Immortals and I fight it out and become weakened, your Gu Immortals would be able to reap more profits. It is a good plan, what a great scheme..."</p> 
<p>"Unfortunately, any sort of arrangement is not safe from accidents." The star will said, acknowledging Old Lord Can Yang's guess.</p> 
<p>This accident was Fang Yuan's six strength path giant hands.</p> 
<p>"Teacher..." Dong Fang Yu Liang was standing stunned on the spot, the scene in front of him made him feel helpless, he was both joyful and sorrowful.</p> 
<p>He was joyful because the enemy was restricted, the tribe was prepared for it. He was sorrowful because he was just bait, he was a pawn meant to attract the enemy. His hard work, Tan Wu Feng and Dong Po Kong's sacrifice, they seemed like foolish, laughable jokes.</p> 
<p>As if he sensed Dong Fang Yu Liang's thoughts, the star will turned around and looked at the inheritor that he chose: "Yu Liang, you do not need to think too deeply about it, I was using the wisdom path inheritance to trap our strong foes and exterminate the traitor in our tribe. But the arrangement here is real, the wisdom path inheritance is also real. This enemy has a huge background, he is from Immortal Crane Sect, one of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent. They also have their wisdom path Gu Immortals. It is only when I place the true wisdom path inheritance here, that I would not leave behind any flaws that would allow the enemy's wisdom path Gu Immortals to find out."</p> 
<p>"So that's it!" Dong Fang Yu Liang's heart shook, he felt ashamed but also deep admiration.</p> 
<p>He was ashamed about his own foolish thoughts, he was also admiring his teacher Dong Fang Chang Fan. The latter taught him painstakingly, even after death, he plotted and attempted to protect Dong Fang tribe, eliminating their traitor.</p> 
<p>The enemy was so strong, Dong Fang Chang Fan made such an arrangement due to his wisdom, but also because he was helpless against such a strong foe.</p> 
<p>After experiencing the difficulty that his teacher was feeling, Dong Fang Yu Liang felt even more deeply ashamed of himself.</p>
    </body>
</html>
