<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 992: Fang Yuan Outwits Hui Feng Zi</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 992: Fang Yuan Outwits Hui Feng Zi</h1>
        
        <p>Hui Feng Zi was startled and furious.</p> 
<p>Even though he did not surrender willingly, because of the situation, after he had surrendered to them, he could only work for them even if he did not want to.</p> 
<p>Central Continent ordered him to stay here and guard Luo Po valley, they had naturally made many arrangements on his body.</p> 
<p>Hui Feng Zi was restricted by them, and for the sake of his safety, he had to stand up and stop Fang Yuan from taking Luo Po valley.</p> 
<p>But when he saw Fang Yuan, Hui Feng Zi, who was startled and furious, shook intensely, he called out in fear: "Feng Jiu Ge!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan looked at him lightly with a calm expression.</p> 
<p>The Central Continent Gu Immortals had already left Northern Plains and returned to Central Continent. Then, they would naturally leave some arrangements back in Northern Plains. How could the astute Fang Yuan not guess this?</p> 
<p>Thus, while taking Luo Po valley, he turned into Feng Jiu Ge.</p> 
<p>"So the Central Continent Gu Immortals arranged Hui Feng Zi to guard this place... It seems that Central Continent has good methods, making this 'fastest person in Northern Plains' defend their interests against his will. Furthermore, seeing his expression, did he not see Feng Jiu Ge leave earlier? Is Feng Jiu Ge still in the valley? No, that is unlikely. After the hundred days battle, the Shadow Sect Gu Immortals have already left, Feng Jiu Ge knows this is a dangerous place, he is heavily injured, although he mentioned repaying the debt of saving his life, he was very intent on urgently escaping. Thus, he did not speak to me inside the true inheritance space."</p> 
<p>Guarding against others was a necessity.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge's actions were extremely wise.</p> 
<p>After all, Fang Yuan was not Zhao Lian Yun, in the previous life, Feng Jiu Ge spoke when Zhao Lian Yun appeared. But now, when Fang Yuan showed up, Feng Jiu Ge kept completely silent.</p> 
<p>Let alone another point.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan knew Feng Jiu Ge was there, he would likely attack!</p> 
<p>Killing Feng Jiu Ge would give immense profits, even if he could not get his Immortal Gu, searching his soul was very valuable.</p> 
<p>In addition, if he could capture Feng Jiu Ge alive, he could either extort Spirit Affinity House or sell him to enemy forces of Feng Jiu Ge, such transactions would be hugely profitable.</p> 
<p>"Feng Jiu Ge is heavily injured, he is extremely vigilant now! He did not speak with me, maybe after leaving Luo Po valley, he saw Hui Feng Zi but did not approach him. The likely reasons for that being, either he did not know Hui Feng Zi surrendered, or even if he knew, he was afraid of the internal conflicts of the ten great ancient sects. After all, a person's inner thoughts and intentions are inscrutable, with Feng Jiu Ge's current state, he could not take a risk."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan appeared impassive, but he had already considered many things. Countless thoughts had appeared in his mind in just these few breaths of time.</p> 
<p>"He is real!" Hui Feng Zi used his method to investigate and after confirming Feng Jiu Ge's identity, he sighed in relief.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge was the leader of the Central Continent Gu Immortals, if he personally was taking Luo Po valley, Hui Feng Zi had no reason to stop him.</p> 
<p>"This subordinate greets Lord Feng Jiu Ge." Hui Feng Zi was very obedient, he flew forward and paid respects to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"Mm." Fang Yuan nodded: "I have understood what happened. Defend me, I am not to be interrupted when taking Luo Po valley."</p> 
<p>His words were short and did not contain much information. But by stating this beforehand, he prevented Hui Feng Zi from becoming suspicious.</p> 
<p>"Yes, lord!" Hui Feng Zi quickly replied.</p> 
<p>Like this, under the protection of Hui Feng Zi, Fang Yuan succeeded in taking Luo Po valley.</p> 
<p>"Even though Luo Po valley was moved away, there are many blessed lands left. Stay guard here and prevent any problems from occurring." Before leaving, Fang Yuan said this to Hui Feng Zi in a serious tone.</p> 
<p>Hui Feng Zi did not suspect anything, he nodded in agreement.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan flew away calmly.</p> 
<p>"Feng Jiu Ge has already escaped, that confirms that Qin Bai Sheng is dead." Hui Feng Zi looked at his figure while sighing at Feng Jiu Ge's great strength.</p> 
<p>Hui Feng Zi was not surprised by this.</p> 
<p>He knew that Qin Bai Sheng was heavily injured.</p> 
<p>Hui Feng Zi suddenly thought: "Oh no. The ten great ancient sects restrain each other, they have internal conflicts. Feng Jiu Ge is a member of Spirit Affinity House, I have no reason to stop him from taking Luo Po valley, but I have to send this information over to the other nine sects."</p> 
<p>Thinking of this, he did not hesitate, he quickly used his information path methods.</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian quickly received his letter.</p> 
<p>"Oh? Feng Jiu Ge is still alive? Not only did he come out, he even took Luo Po valley!" Prince Feng Xian was overjoyed, he laughed loudly.</p> 
<p>Meanwhile, after leaving Hui Feng Zi, Fang Yuan flew to a safe location and met with Tai Bai Yun Sheng, as well as the featherman Gu Immortal Zhou Zhong.</p> 
<p>These two were arranged to be situated not far away, just in case they were needed.</p> 
<p>At the same time, he had been maintaining contact with Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan, if any trouble occurred, they would be called over as reinforcements.</p> 
<p>With Hei Lou Lan and Blazing Heaven Demoness' relationship, even if a rank eight Gu Immortal appears, Fang Yuan could deal with them.</p> 
<p>Naturally!</p> 
<p>The current situation was best.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan obtained Luo Po valley on his own.</p> 
<p>And Hei Lou Lan was not like in his previous life, without Hei Cheng's soul, she could not know the location of Luo Po valley.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan wanted to keep quiet and earn a fortune, not telling her about Luo Po valley.</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan had once suppressed Fang Yuan, there was no way he would tell them about Luo Po valley.</p> 
<p>Once they knew, with Blazing Heaven Demoness' demanding personality, she would definitely request the use of Luo Po valley.</p> 
<p>"Even in the future, if I want to trade with them using Luo Po valley, it will be after my soul becomes sufficiently powerful..."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan returned to Star Form blessed land and placed Luo Po valley there.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan went to Hu Immortal blessed land often. She had to use strength qi Immortal Gu to refine airsac Gu with the hairy men. Thus, it was not wise to put Luo Po valley inside Hu Immortal blessed land.</p> 
<p>The matter regarding Luo Po valley came to an end, but Fang Yuan was still apprehensive.</p> 
<p>His gains in Luo Po valley were beyond his expectations, but the course of events was way out of Fang Yuan's control.</p> 
<p>The feeling of losing control over the situation was extremely irritating, Fang Yuan felt uneasy.</p> 
<p>In the Thieving Heaven true inheritance, Fang Yuan obtained ghostly concealment.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan checked his body, he found that his soul was covered by a layer of dao marks.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan did not know what the use of ghostly concealment was.</p> 
<p>Thankfully, he had joined Lang Ya Sect.</p> 
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan went to Lang Ya blessed land and asked about Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit did not conceal things or make any requests, he told Fang Yuan a lot of information.</p> 
<p>"There are many inheritances of Thieving Heaven, but he only has ten true inheritances. The one you got earlier was to make me refine three Gu, that was not a true inheritance. Each Thieving Heaven true inheritance is an unparalleled treasure in the world, they contain the essence of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's cultivation. Anyone who obtains them will gain immense potential! There is only one requirement of these true inheritances, that is, the inheritor has to be an otherworldly demon!"</p> 
<p>"Legend says that Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had two defensive killer moves, named divine concealment and ghostly concealment. The use of divine concealment was to conceal oneself from the deductions of any thoughts, wills, and emotions. As for ghostly concealment, it is very mysterious, I do not know much, it seems to have something to do with the soul. Ah? You are suddenly so interested in Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's information? Why? Did you obtain a clue to a Thieving Heaven true inheritance?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed: "You guessed correctly."</p> 
<p>"Divine concealment, ghostly concealment..." Lang Ya land spirit sighed, deeply moved: "If I had divine concealment, Lang Ya blessed land would become a true paradise, we will no longer face any heavenly tribulations or earthly calamities. It is a pity, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable created ten true inheritances, but they are extremely mysterious, until now, I have not heard of anyone obtaining them. His true inheritances come in pairs, divine concealment and ghostly concealment are a pair. Obtaining one will give you clues to the other. Fang Yuan, if you can obtain divine concealment and contribute it to Lang Ya Sect, I will make you the second supreme elder. In the whole of Lang Ya Sect, you will be second to only me, you will have immense authority! In fact, you will be able to take one rank seven Immortal Gu from my inventory. Ah, no, at least two rank seven Immortal Gu!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan nodded, Lang Ya land spirit's change of personality gave him a lot of benefits.</p> 
<p>At least, the previous Lang Ya land spirit was too conservative, he would not promise Fang Yuan such benefits.</p> 
<p>"However, if I can obtain divine concealment, that is a Thieving Heaven true inheritance! Back then, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable went around stealing everywhere, nobody could deduce his location, was it not because of divine concealment and ghostly concealment? This inheritance is far more valuable than merely two rank seven Immortal Gu." Fang Yuan had a faint smiling expression.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit pouted, he laughed loudly and tried to alleviate the awkwardness: "You are not wrong. Actually, I did not finish what I was saying, not only will I give two rank seven Immortal Gu, you can even ask me for countless Immortal Gu recipes, immortal killer moves, and all sorts of ancient secrets and inheritance clues! How about that, is that reward enough?"</p> 
<p>"Mm, that is about enough. I will be back when I get divine concealment." Fang Yuan obtained the information he wanted and turned around abruptly to leave Lang Ya blessed land.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit stared with wide eyes, muttering as he looked at Fang Yuan leaving: "This fellow... he might have really obtained some clues! If I can get divine concealment, what is there to worry about? Wahaha! Even if I let him become the second supreme elder, the hairy man Gu Immortals only listen to me, wahaha! Argh, I accidentally said my thoughts out loud again!"</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit covered his mouth, staring at Fang Yuan innocently.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was used to such strangeness, he laughed internally.</p> 
<p>If it were any other force, he would feel wary and alert. But joining Lang Ya Sect, with a leader like this, things were extremely easy.</p> 
<p>"I heard everything you said." Fang Yuan waved to Lang Ya land spirit without turning around, using Fixed Immortal Travel and leaving Lang Ya blessed land.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit was left behind with a dejected expression, he stomped his foot and muttered: "Damn it! Damn it!"</p> 
<p>Returning to Hu Immortal blessed land, Fang Yuan's gaze flickered uncertainly as he fell into deep thought.</p> 
<p>"I am a transmigrator, even though my body is from this world, my soul is from outside. Thus, I am an otherworldly demon, I have the qualification to obtain Thieving Heaven's true inheritances."</p> 
<p>"Earlier, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable left behind some words, it indicated that he was also an otherworldly demon."</p> 
<p>"It can be either very difficult or very easy to obtain Thieving Heaven's true inheritances, the most important thing is the status of being an otherworldly demon. No wonder Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable spread clues everywhere in setting up this true inheritance. I was wondering why the clues of open door Gu and close door Gu were so easily obtained."</p> 
<p>"But after obtaining ghostly concealment, I did not find any trace of divine concealment. This means, divine concealment has already been taken by someone?"</p>
    </body>
</html>
