<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 925: Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 925: Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance</h1>
        
        <p>Two flowers blossomed, each branching in different directions.</p> 
<p>Ignoring the situation of Qin Bai Sheng sacrificing himself to create the winds of assimilation and trap Feng Jiu Ge, Ling Mei, and Ao Xue in a dangerous situation for now.</p> 
<p>Looking instead at Jiang Yu and the other immortals breaking out.</p> 
<p>They were about to escape, but Hei Cheng was hit by a killer move and fell.</p> 
<p>His face was pale as he shouted for help.</p> 
<p>However, they were all escaping for their lives, every second was important, at the crucial moment, any hesitation would mean the difference between life and death.</p> 
<p>The immortals ignored him, they only raised their own speeds to the limits.</p> 
<p>Fairy Jiang Yu was even more heartless, she directly told them to abandon him, disregarding Hei Cheng's life or death.</p> 
<p>They were so close to escaping, freedom was right in front of them. Hei Cheng was lagging behind, couldn't he be useful in stalling the Central Continent Gu Immortals? However, he controlled the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison, after Hei Cheng died, it might end up in the Central Continent Gu Immortals' hands.</p> 
<p>That was a slight pity to Jiang Yu and the others.</p> 
<p>But it was only slightly regretful, compared to the Immortal Gu House, their own lives were more important.</p> 
<p>"Hehehe, you can all continue playing around. I'm out of here." While they were breaking out, Hui Feng Zi laughed loudly.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Wind Escape!</p> 
<p>His speed rose sharply, in a few breaths of time, he was way ahead of Jiang Yu and the others.</p> 
<p>Seeing Jiang Yu and the others' fiery gazes, Hui Feng Zi flew even faster.</p> 
<p>"Cooperate with me!" Hong Chi Ming shouted.</p> 
<p>Gu formations at the outer area activated, giving off bright light.</p> 
<p>After the hundred days battle, the Central Continent Gu Immortals had gained some coordination.</p> 
<p>"Where are you going?" Chen Zhen Chi and Bu Fei Yan moved out, using a Gu formation at the periphery to chase and block Hui Feng Zi.</p> 
<p>Hui Feng Zi was known as the fastest in Northern Plains, he came and went like the wind, Central Continent Gu Immortals had to admit that.</p> 
<p>Just Chen Zhen Chi or Bu Fei Yan alone could not stop Hui Feng Zi. But now, they were cooperating with much coordination.</p> 
<p>At once, no matter how Hui Feng Zi maneuvered, he could not shake off Chen and Bu, his speed gradually fell as he failed his escape.</p> 
<p>"He deserves it!" Jiang Yu and the others felt gratified, they turned towards another direction and tried to escape from the side.</p> 
<p>"Go down." Old Lord Can Yang snorted in anger, using his signature life chasing fire.</p> 
<p>Hong Chi Ming followed up with another attack, beating the dog while it was down.</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng's body was burning in flames, he screamed in pain as he fell from the sky.</p> 
<p>With a loud crash, he landed on the ground, he spat out a mouthful of blood as countless vines grew from the ground, tying him up firmly.</p> 
<p>At once, Hei Cheng was trapped, while Hui Feng Zi was obstructed, Hong Chi Ming left Hei Cheng as he chased He Lang Zi.</p> 
<p>He activated his killer move, mercilessly attacking He Lang Zi.</p> 
<p>He Lang Zi had to use his transformation path killer move, turning into the lightning flash giant wolf to resist it.</p> 
<p>Fairy Jiang Yu and the mysterious black robed Gu Immortal were not far away, they were obstructed by Old Man Tian Long and Old Lord Can Yang.</p> 
<p>They did not waste time in trash talking, the four immortals engaged in fierce combat.</p> 
<p>At once, winds surged and thunderous explosions occurred.</p> 
<p>The four immortals displayed their might, they shook the surroundings as intense air currents were created, mountains rocks crumbled and broke.</p> 
<p>Old Lord Can Yang was a famous rank seven Gu Immortal, when Dong Fang Chang Fan had been pretending to be dead, he had fought Unfettered Scholar, Fang Yuan, Pi Shui Han alone, he had excellent battle strength.</p> 
<p>Old Man Tian Long's strength was similar to Old Lord Can Yang. The former was a supreme elder of Black Heaven Temple. He was sent here by Black Heaven Temple for the secret purpose of countering the sound path Gu Immortal Feng Jiu Ge.</p> 
<p>Looking at Shadow Sect, the mysterious black robed Gu Immortal was indeed powerful, but Fairy Jiang Yu was weaker.</p> 
<p>After more than ten rounds of fighting, Old Man Tian Long and Old Lord Can Yang had the upper hand, they obtained a good chance to strike.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Life Chasing Fire!</p> 
<p>"Oh no!" Fairy Jiang Yu was shocked, she wanted to dodge but it was too late.</p> 
<p>"Stand back, let me deal with it." At the crucial moment, the mysterious black robed Gu Immortal used his method, replacing Fairy Jiang Yu and using his body to block the life chasing fire.</p> 
<p>"Oh? Strange!" Old Lord Can Yang was slightly shocked.</p> 
<p>The mysterious black robed Gu Immortal was hit by the life chasing fire, but he was completely intact it was as if nothing had happened.</p> 
<p>"Sneaky fellow, show us your true appearance!" Old Man Tian Long shouted, his hands clapped together as blades flew out from the sky.</p> 
<p>The mysterious black robed Gu Immortal blocked them as his robe was torn, his appearance was exposed to everyone.</p> 
<p>Old Lord Can Yang was stunned: "You have the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance physique!"</p> 
<p>One of the ten extreme physiques — Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance!</p> 
<p>"Why are you afraid, he is merely an immortal zombie." Old Man Tian Long howled repeatedly, his attacks becoming fiercer.</p> 
<p>The mysterious black robed Gu Immortal's true identity was a rank seven immortal zombie. Different from other immortal zombies, he had a special identity, he had one of the ten extreme physiques, Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance, and had turned into an immortal zombie.</p> 
<p>"Hmph! Since you found out, there is no point in hiding this anymore." The mysterious black robed Gu Immortal tore off his black robe, pouncing at Old Lord Can Yang.</p> 
<p>Old Lord Can Yang was a fire path Gu Immortal, he was countered by the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance physique, he had the disadvantage.</p> 
<p>Old Man Tian Long wanted to help, but Fairy Jiang Yu risked her life to block him.</p> 
<p>"Quickly go!" Fairy Jiang Yu screamed.</p> 
<p>Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie angrily snorted, forcing back Old Lord Can Yang, he did not look back, he flew out of Luo Po valley, successfully escaping.</p> 
<p>"Where are you going?" Old Lord Can Yang roared, wanting to chase him, but Fairy Jiang Yu, who was bathed in blood, managed to block him miraculously.</p> 
<p>"It seems that you have given up on living! Is this immortal zombie your lover, is he worth your sacrifice?" Old Man Tian Long's expression was cold, he descended from the sky and his hand hit Fairy Jiang Yu's back firmly.</p> 
<p>Boom!</p> 
<p>Fairy Jiang Yu was at her wits' end, she could not defend herself, her chest was shattered as a huge hole appeared, one could see through it.</p> 
<p>Her beautiful eyes turned hollow, her purple dress fluttered in the sky, like a butterfly slowly landing on the ground.</p> 
<p>Ten breaths of time later, Fairy Jiang Yu's corpse landed on the ground, her bones and tendons were broken, her flesh turned into pulp.</p> 
<p>Fairy Jiang Yu died!</p> 
<p>At this point, Shadow Sect no longer had a chance.</p> 
<p>Old Lord Can Yang and Old Man Tian Long were free now, they could deal with He Lang Zi and Hui Feng Zi.</p> 
<p>Hong Chi Ming's focus was on restricting Hei Cheng.</p> 
<p>A moment later, He Lang Zi screamed in a deafening tone, the giant wolf that he had turned into was cut into two. His corpse turned into a human body, blood flowed as his internal organs were torn, he died a terrible death.</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng was left without a choice, he reluctantly activated the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison.</p> 
<p>Even though the Immortal Gu House was powerful, it needed to expend a huge amount of immortal essence. After the hundred days battle, Hei Cheng was already bankrupt, he did not have much immortal essence left.</p> 
<p>There was insufficient immortal essence to activate the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison, it had less than one percent of its full power, Hong Chi Ming used his Gu formation to trap it.</p> 
<p>Fifteen minutes later, Hui Feng Zi lost as well.</p> 
<p>He was extremely fast and slippery, but after the hundred days battle, everyone knew each other's abilities, he did not have any special techniques left, and the Central Continent Gu Immortals had an extremely tight defensive ring, like an impenetrable net. Hui Feng Zi was like a fish that was caught in a net, even though he struggled intensely, he was bound to lose.</p> 
<p>"Don't kill me, I surrender." At the moment before death, Hui Feng Zi surrendered with a pale expression.</p> 
<p>The Central Continent Gu Immortals looked at each other, expressing their joy.</p> 
<p>Death was truly a terrifying thing.</p> 
<p>A wise man submits to circumstances, the Central Continent Gu Immortals understood why Hui Feng Zi surrendered.</p> 
<p>"Don't play tricks!"</p> 
<p>"Hand over your Immortal Gu!"</p> 
<p>The Central Continent Gu Immortals did not relax, they surrounded Hui Feng Zi tightly.</p> 
<p>Hui Feng Zi did not have any chances left, he sighed deeply as he handed over his Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Without his Immortal Gu, he was like a tiger without its claws and teeth, his threat level dropped.</p> 
<p>Only until he was completely under control and his life and death was at their whim did the Central Continent Gu Immortals breathe out deeply in relief.</p> 
<p>Focusing their minds, they started to deal with the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison.</p> 
<p>Hui Feng Zi's surrender gave the Central Continent Gu Immortals hope.</p> 
<p>The hundred days battle expended a huge amount of their immortal essence, the Central Continent Gu Immortals suffered great losses, their pressure was immense. After capturing Hui Feng Zi, the Immortal Gu they obtained were enough to recoup their losses. If they could obtain the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison as well, they would earn a huge profit from this.</p> 
<p>Seven minutes later, Dark Prison was taken down by the Central Continent immortals.</p> 
<p>But unexpectedly...</p> 
<p>"Where is Hei Cheng?"</p> 
<p>"So decisive! He abandoned this Immortal Gu House immediately and escaped."</p> 
<p>"While we were capturing Hui Feng Zi, he secretly dug underground and escaped, he really managed to deceive us!"</p> 
<p>"Hmph, a coward who is afraid of death, a person who is barely surviving, he is not worth considering."</p> 
<p>At this point, the escape attempt of Shadow Sect's side had ended, the battle was over and the dust had settled.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng, Fairy Jiang Yu were sacrificed, He Lang Zi died, Hui Feng Zi surrendered, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie had escaped with the crucial Immortal Gu, Hei Cheng, who had the lowest battle strength, abandoned the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison and escaped.</p> 
<p>A few months ago, these people attacked Lang Ya blessed land with overwhelming might. Over a hundred days later, they were either dead, injured, had surrendered, or escaped. Even the powerful Qin Bai Sheng was sacrificed inside Luo Po valley.</p> 
<p>This showed the cruelty of the Gu cultivation world. Even at Gu Immortal level, they were not free from danger, one could still die easily.</p> 
<p>More than ten days later, a figure emerged in Earth Trench.</p> 
<p>Earth Trench was under the control of Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, it was guarded by Dark Flow Giant City.</p> 
<p>But this mysterious figure could enter and leave easily, he did not attract any suspicion.</p> 
<p>After entering Earth Trench, the mysterious figure was familiar with Earth Trench's terrain as he moved rapidly, taking a shortcut and entering deep into it.</p> 
<p>A few days later, a giant graveyard appeared before the mysterious figure's vision.</p> 
<p>"I am finally here." The mysterious figure finally showed his appearance.</p> 
<p>It was the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie who had escaped from Luo Po valley!</p> 
<p>As it turned out, Shadow Sect's backup plan was hidden here. Back then when Central Continent's group attacked Luo Po valley, Qin Bai Sheng and Jiang Yu had thought of breaking out and coming here to use their trump card and resolve the crisis in Luo Po valley.</p> 
<p>But this trump card was extremely important, if it was used abruptly, it could disrupt Shadow Sect's plan, Qin Bai Sheng and the others were hesitant.</p> 
<p>When they had resolved to use it, the battle had already become very intense, they had no chance to do it anymore. They tried it forcefully, but only sacrificed the hairy man Gu Immortals in vain.</p> 
<p>Now, Luo Po valley was taken over by Central Continent's group, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie did not come here thinking of revenge, and activating Shadow Sect's backup plan. He wanted to hide himself, and place the crucial Immortal Gu here for safekeeping.</p> 
<p>This Immortal Gu was related to Shadow Sect's crucial plan, it could not be lost. For this, Qin Bai Sheng and Jiang Yu had sacrificed their lives.</p> 
<p>"Just a bit more time, we just need a bit more time..." The Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie felt anger and melancholy, he carried the Immortal Gu and entered deep into the graveyard.</p> 
<p>This was the graveyard of immortal zombies. He was an immortal zombie, it was too easy to disguise as a member.</p> 
<p>However, just when the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie thought that his ordeal was over, and that he was safe, a figure appeared.</p> 
<p>"Interesting... to think that I would meet a ten extreme physique immortal zombie here." The person looked at the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie, evaluating with an interested tone, his rank eight aura was emanating.</p> 
<p>At this moment, the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie felt like he had fallen into an icy abyss, his heart was filled with despair.</p> 
<p>"Old Ancestor Xue Hu? Why is he here!"</p>
    </body>
</html>
