<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 737: Joining Zombie Alliance</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 737: Joining Zombie Alliance</h1>
        
        <p>Qin Bai Sheng was quite the character.</p> 
<p>His battle strength was on par with Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei, but he did not have any arrogant attitude. Not only that, when he conversed with Fang Yuan, he kept a cool demeanor and was very amicable, not only did he laugh grandly, he even gave people a feeling that he was very open-minded.</p> 
<p>This time, Fang Yuan had obviously appeared under the disguise of the mortal killer move unfamiliar face.</p> 
<p>He had to conceal himself.</p> 
<p>Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun were in the hands of Qin Bai Sheng, if they had revealed the details or had their souls searched, Qin Bai Sheng would have known about Fang Yuan's eight arm heavenly zombie form already.</p> 
<p>Be it Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng or Fang Yuan's eight arm heavenly zombie figure, they could not appear openly in Northern Plains.</p> 
<p>Because the three of them were key surviving members of the Eighty-Eight True Yang Building incident.</p> 
<p>Right now was a sensitive time.</p> 
<p>Ever since Northern Plains' number one wisdom path Gu Immortal, Dong Fang Chang Fan, deduced before his death that the culprit was not a person from Northern Plains and was an outsider, Northern Plains had formed an attitude of resisting a common enemy.</p> 
<p>Countless forces and experts wanted to take revenge. Especially the ten or so super forces in Northern Plains, their benefits were heavily affected. They wanted to slaughter the culprit, to chop them into pieces and slice their skin and bones, to torture them for endless years to appease their hatred!</p> 
<p>Once Fang Yuan and the others showed up, even if their crimes were not exposed, it would sure to stir great attention and Northern Plains' Gu Immortals would immediately make their moves, wanting to use Fang Yuan and the others as the key to obtaining more inside information.</p> 
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan came here using the fake name of Sha Huang, at the same time, his eight monstrous arms turned into ordinary zombie shoulders, his terrifying six meter tall body had turned into that of a normal person's build, or even shorter. The fangs in his mouth were also completely retracted, he no longer looked ruthless but instead gave off a weak and powerless feeling.</p> 
<p>Of course, Fang Yuan had informed Fairy Li Shan already regarding his disguise in his letter. When they established the Snowy Mountain Alliance earlier, they had considered such a situation, thus, this was Fairy Li Shan and Fang Yuan collaborating to deceive outsiders, he did not go against their agreement at all.</p> 
<p>But even if Fang Yuan was so insignificant, an immortal zombie with stale cultivation and a grim future, Qin Bai Sheng did not look down on him at all, he talked with Fang Yuan on equal terms, in fact when they conversed, he spoke with an affectionate tone.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng's attitude made Fang Yuan praise him inwardly: "This person is really quite a character, no wonder he could turn this around and forcefully change this situation of being attacked by Northern Plains' Gu Immortals to one that benefits him greatly."</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng was also thinking: "This small rank six immortal zombie has an ordinary appearance, but even after I probed him for so long, he has not slipped and exposed anything. Even now, I do not know his origin and background, while he can still talk to me, Qin Bai Sheng, calmly and normally, he is not simple, not simple,"</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan was at the side, squinting as she smiled, watching Fang Yuan and Qin Bai Sheng talk.</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan saw that they were talking with more enthusiasm as she laughed lightly: "The way you two are talking, it is a shame that you have only met now, you actually left me in a corner, you look like long lost brothers who had just met each other."</p> 
<p>"I am ashamed." Fang Yuan quickly said.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng heard this and his eyes brightened up: "Fairy said it well, that was fabulous! Brother Sha and I feel like old friends, we really hit it off, why don't we become sworn brothers. With Fairy's mountain pledge Gu, from now on, as long as I have meat to eat, I will not let little brother starve!"</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan was shocked, she did not expect Qin Bai Sheng to be serious.</p> 
<p>After the shock, she flustered: "Is Qin Bai Sheng's discernment superior to mine, he has already seen through Fang Yuan's disguise?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan gasped, immediately showing an expression like that of a 'youngster with poorly concealed temptation': "I am not worthy, I am not worthy."</p> 
<p>"Oh, what is brother saying, there is no such thing as worthiness. This is fate! Unless... even though brother is showing this on the surface, you actually look down on me, a person without a force?" Qin Bai Sheng's eyes shined brightly, he looked at Fang Yuan tightly, showing a half-smiling expression.</p> 
<p>"Oh no, my unfamiliar face is only a mortal killer move, Qin Bai Sheng has felt something amiss already. It boils down to the excessive strength that I displayed, I actually had Gu Immortal prisoners and was going to sell Gu Immortals' blessed lands. Although Qin Bai Sheng is a lone cultivator, he is skilled at gathering allied forces and is organizing an auction, thus he wants to use me to latch onto the force behind me."</p> 
<p>"Of course, there is a possibility that he suspects that I am the culprit who toppled Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. No matter which one it is, I can see the troublesome and powerful methods of this person."</p> 
<p>These thoughts flashed by in Fang Yuan's head quickly, as he gave a bitter smile: "To speak the truth, I really hit it off with brother Qin, but I am a small character, I cannot decide this, I am not like brother Qin and Fairy Li Shan who are free. The matter of becoming sworn brothers, it is not that I do not want to, but I cannot."</p> 
<p>Of course they could not, once they did, making an oath before the mountain pledge Gu, Fang Yuan would be at his mercy.</p> 
<p>The most simple way was for Qin Bai Sheng to suggest that brothers cannot lie to each other.</p> 
<p>What can Fang Yuan do then? How could he reject him?</p> 
<p>"So that is the case. Brother has his difficulties, I understand. Not only do I understand, I can even help you, brother." Qin Bai Sheng patted his chest, while speaking, he still continued to try probing Fang Yuan's background.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan cupped his fists to thank him, before turning around and looking at Fairy Li Shan: "Fairy, I came here this time with another task, that is to borrow and make use of your mountain pledge Gu."</p> 
<p>"This..." Fairy Li Shan looked at Qin Bai Sheng, hesitatingly saying: "Sha Huang, you might not know, but we are going to find Prince Feng Xian to invite him to attend the auction. Our time is tight, I am not sure if Prince Feng Xian will be angry. After all, he is the last person we are visiting."</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng said instead: "Prince Feng Xian is a model of the righteous path, how can he be so small-minded? Anyway, we are going to take some time in flying there, it is not a problem to lend it to brother Sha Huang."</p> 
<p>"It's fine, I am not in a rush." Fang Yuan cupped his fist: "In that case, Fairy and brother Qin should go first, we will split up here."</p> 
<p>"Why doesn't brother Sha Huang come with us? It is a rare opportunity to be able to meet Prince Feng Xian." Qin Bai Sheng invited.</p> 
<p>How could Fang Yuan dare to go to a rank eight Gu Immortal? Especially when this Prince Feng Xian had an investigative Immortal Gu that was at least rank seven.</p> 
<p>Even though unfamiliar face came from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, it was just a mortal killer move, in front of an investigative Immortal Gu, it was insufficient.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan rejected Qin Bai Sheng's invitation and watched them fly away, as their figures vanished into the sky, his expression turned cold.</p> 
<p>He had finally learned how troublesome Qin Bai Sheng was to deal with.</p> 
<p>Compared to the brutish Shi Lei, this person had a exquisite mind, who knew how many thoughts were in his head, while he could appear on the surface to be grand and full of passion, as if it came from the bottom of his heart.</p> 
<p>Just this acting ability alone was on par with Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>If not for Fang Yuan being a reborn old monster, he might not be able to see Qin Bai Sheng's true colors.</p> 
<p>"This person is a lone cultivator, yet he was able to make a network of alliances and influence the entire world of Northern Plains' Gu Immortals, his methods were truly incredible, he has some real skill. Unfortunately, his luck in my previous life was bad, just when Blood Hunter came out of seclusion, he unfortunately met with and engaged in fierce battle, succumbing to that monster's methods." Fang Yuan recalled as he turned around, flying towards another direction.</p> 
<p>Not long later, he met with a group of azure ostriches.</p> 
<p>This bird had a swollen back, like that of a camel, it had azure feathers and its body was as strong as a grown man. Often gathering in groups, they were the overlords of the sky.</p> 
<p>This group of azure ostriches were not few in numbers, they were a myriad beast group.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not care about them, he continued to fly forwards.</p> 
<p>The azure ostriches found the 'prey' Fang Yuan and were very excited, they first screeched before getting close to him, but the moment they got close to him and sensed his immortal zombie aura, they ran away in fear.</p> 
<p>All living beings had survival instincts in them to avoid danger, even beasts and birds had this insight and would not send themselves to death.</p> 
<p>If this had been Fang Yuan when he stepped into Northern Plains for the first time in his previous life, if he met the azure ostrich group, he would need to dig a hole and bury himself to avoid them.</p> 
<p>But now, even without doing anything, he had chased this group of azure ostriches away.</p> 
<p>"Even though I became an immortal zombie, compared to my previous life's achievements, my cultivation level has greatly exceeded what I had been during this time. In my previous life, at this point, Qing Mao mountain had been destroyed by Bai Ning Bing's self-detonation, because clans are united by bloodline, they spurn outsiders. Before I became a lone demonic cultivator, I joined a caravan and was often at the front lines, trying to earn a living like this."</p> 
<p>In his previous life, Fang Yuan had moved around Southern Border, Western Desert, Eastern Sea for over three hundred years before becoming a rank five Gu Master in Central Continent.</p> 
<p>But now, only decades had passed and Fang Yuan was already an immortal, even though he was an immortal zombie, his battle strength was already upper-tier among rank six Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Firstly, the rebirth advantage he had was huge. Secondly, Fang Yuan took part in many dangerous situations, the higher the risks, the greater his rewards.</p> 
<p>"But as time passes, the influence of my rebirth would become bigger and bigger. This auction had never happened in my previous life. Hopefully, when I join Northern Plains Zombie Alliance this time, there will be fewer accidents and my plans would go smoothly."</p> 
<p>Having unfamiliar face, Fang Yuan decided to try joining Zombie Alliance.</p> 
<p>Plans could not keep up with changes.</p> 
<p>His original plan was to first take dark limit Immortal Gu. But Xue Song Zi and Hei Cheng's incident had inadvertently served as an alert, afterwards, Fairy Jiang Yu had disappeared mysteriously, even Fairy Li Shan could not find her.</p> 
<p>He also had another plan, to kill Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun. But now that they were captured by Qin Bai Sheng, they were watched by almost all of the Gu Immortals in Northern Plains, how could Fang Yuan kill them now?</p> 
<p>After these two plans succeeded, his third plan was to join Zombie Alliance. But with the current situation, Fang Yuan had insufficient control of the circumstances, he had to take a risk and join Zombie Alliance, even if it was dangerous.</p> 
<p>As he flew, Fang Yuan considered the plan for joining Zombie Alliance again.</p> 
<p>Along the way, he met many bird groups, but they were all repelled by Fang Yuan's immortal zombie aura. Only once, he met a desolate beast flying snake. Fang Yuan did not want to waste time and avoided it.</p> 
<p>Although Northern Plains was huge, having five billion square kilometers of surface area, ten times that of Earth, but Fang Yuan's current location was not far from his destination. After half a day, he saw a mountain on the horizon.</p> 
<p>It was Ku Mu mountain.</p>
    </body>
</html>
