<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 736: What a Huge Transaction</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 736: What a Huge Transaction</h1>
        
        <p>If malicious thought Gu were used to replace delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, the quantity of the former would definitely have to be enormous.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan needed a lot of malicious thought Gu and not just several hundreds of them. He made an initial estimation that he required at least two thousand, by simultaneously activating them, the amount of malicious thoughts they produced could barely be sufficient for use under the light of wisdom.</p> 
<p>Most importantly, these two thousand malicious thought Gu must be rank five.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had the recipes of rank one to rank five malicious thought Gu. Rank one to rank five malicious thought Gu had similar effects in producing malicious thoughts. The only differences were the amount of thoughts they could produce in one activation and the vast difference in the quantity of primeval essence they consumed.</p> 
<p>"Gu refinement is not easy, the higher the rank, the more difficult it is to refine. Especially rank five malicious thought Gu which cannot be obtained immediately but requires the refinement to be one step at a time, from rank one to rank two, rank two to rank three and so on. This means, in addition to a low success rate, the amount of resources consumed will be extremely large."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's initial plan was to first refine two thousand malicious thought Gu. As for malicious will Gu, he did not need it at the moment, as he still had a lot of joyful will left in his mind.</p> 
<p>Refining two thousand rank five malicious thought Gu was no doubt an enormously time-consuming project.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan had not purchased hairy men and built the second stone nest, the hairy men in the first stone nest could only take on this project when there was spare time from refining airsac Gu. This meant they would at least need ten years of time to reach the target of two thousand rank five malicious thought Gu.</p> 
<p>Now, Fang Yuan had the second stone nest and large numbers of hairy men, this time period was greatly shortened to about sixteen months.</p> 
<p>"If I can improve the Gu recipe within this time and think of a completely new rank five Gu recipe that can directly refine rank five malicious thought Gu, then the sixteen months will be further reduced greatly." Fang Yuan thought inwardly.</p> 
<p>His refinement path realm had already advanced to quasi-grandmaster, but he had almost no foundation in wisdom path.</p> 
<p>However, he still had confidence.</p> 
<p>The source of this confidence was none other than Wisdom Gu.</p> 
<p>Relying on the light of wisdom, he could get endless inspiration. Even if his attainment level was lacking, it was not of much concern and he could forcibly make deductions.</p> 
<p>"The might of rank nine Immortal Gu is indeed extremely terrifying." Fang Yuan was becoming increasingly aware of the power of rank nine Wisdom Gu.</p> 
<p>Using the light of wisdom, he could deduce Immortal Gu recipes. And these Immortal Gu recipes had perplexed even the quasi-great grandmaster Lang Ya land spirit, unable to make progress.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan could also use the light of wisdom to deduce immortal killer moves.</p> 
<p>Vicious Lightning Fiend comprehended the immortal killer move Lightning Deity from a remnant recipe of Blood Deity, after using up several years of time in closed cultivation.</p> 
<p>If it were Fang Yuan and he possessed the corresponding lightning path attainment, using the Wisdom Gu, he would require at most a month to accomplish this.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan was currently trying her best to advance her mortal killer move, self strength phantom, to an immortal killer move. Unfortunately, even if she had the foundation of a mortal killer move and the strength path attainment level, she would require at least years of time to reach her target.</p> 
<p>Were it Fang Yuan, he could probably accomplish this in half a month.</p> 
<p>In actual fact, Fang Yuan have been intermittently deducing immortal killer moves. The immortal killer move he was deducing was none other than myriad self.</p> 
<p>Myriad self's core was cleanse soul Immortal Gu but because it was starving, it could not be used. Fang Yuan's main goal in deducing myriad self was to replace cleanse soul Immortal Gu with other Gu worms.</p> 
<p>Unfortunately, once this sole Immortal Gu was gone, the power of the killer move greatly fell. Even if he used a lot more mortal Gu, it could not reach the original might.</p> 
<p>In the long history of Gu Masters, since ancient times till now, there was only one mortal killer move that had the offensive power of an Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>That was white bone chariot!</p> 
<p>This killer move came from Proud Bone Demon Lord Shen Jie Ao, it was a peerless creation standing high above in both ancient and present times.</p> 
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan had listed as one of the exchange conditions for buying a desolate beast corpse in treasure yellow heaven, to use a desolate beast corpse to exchange for rank five bone path mortal Gu like Battle Bone Wheel.</p> 
<p>Battle Bone Wheel was one of the mortal Gu required to form the white bone chariot killer move. Fang Yuan only had one of it, which he obtained from the battlefield where Wolf King Chang Shan Yin had hidden himself in Northern Plains.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's talent could not match Shen Jie Ao, if he got rid of cleanse soul Immortal Gu, myriad self would simply not have enough power.</p> 
<p>Over the next half of a month, Fang Yuan tried hard to improve malicious thought Gu's recipe and besides this, he also did not give up in improving his immortal killer move myriad self.</p> 
<p>In this time period, he sold another two desolate beast corpses in treasure yellow heaven.</p> 
<p>He exchanged them for the second pair of bat desolate beast wings as well as dozens of immortal essence stones.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had not wanted to use desolate beast corpses to exchange for immortal essence stones. But he only had fifty immortal essence stones remaining on him as most of his wealth had been used to purchase hairy men. Now, he was refining rank five malicious thought Gu on a large scale, which required extremely great resources. Thus, he had no choice but to exchange for immortal essence stones in order to barely be able to cope with his expenses.</p> 
<p>With this, Fang Yuan only had three desolate beast corpses remaining on sale in treasure yellow heaven.</p> 
<p>The immortal essence stones on him also reached a number of just over twenty. And since he was constantly making deductions, his green grape immortal essence also fell down to thirty-six beads.</p> 
<p>Fortunately, Fang Yuan's plan of improving malicious thought Gu's recipe succeeded.</p> 
<p>It was a completely new malicious thought Gu recipe, although it did not reach his previous expectations, it already was reduced by a number of steps. Previously, the rank five malicious thought Gu could only be refined step by step from rank one to rank two and so on. Now, the rank five malicious thought Gu only required two steps. The first step refined a half-finished malicious thought Gu while the second step completed the refinement.</p> 
<p>Although the success rate did not improve, the procedure had shortened; the materials required decreased by a lot and time was also saved.</p> 
<p>"According to this speed, the estimated sixteen months has been directly reduced by half. I will have two thousand rank five malicious thought Gu in just eight months. However, I am already tight on immortal essence stones. At this rate, even with the support from the transaction of guts Gu, I won't be able to make my ends meet. Do I have to slow down for the moment and let the second stone nest refine airsac Gu, raising the production of guts Gu to earn immortal essence stones?"</p> 
<p>Just as Fang Yuan was having this thought, the good news he had been waiting a long time for had finally arrived.</p> 
<p>"Brat, you win! I agree to your condition. We will split in a four to six ratio!" Lang Ya land spirit said furiously, his emotions in a mess.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan lacked money to refine mortal Gu on a large scale, while Lang Ya land spirit was refining Immortal Gu, the resources he had to expend amounted to more than hundred times what Fang Yuan required, so he lacked money even more so!</p> 
<p>Just like Fang Yuan expected, Lang Ya land spirit did not have other channels and only had Fang Yuan to accomplish this task.</p> 
<p>Thus, he had no choice but to accept, even though he knew this was an extremely large loss.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan also did not want to push his luck; such a sharing of profits was already the limit of the land spirit. If he did not accept this and angered Lang Ya land spirit, there would not only be no transaction, even the relationship he had built with much difficulty would collapse.</p> 
<p>Northern Plains, Bai Zu grotto-heaven.</p> 
<p>The hall was lit with bright lights, beautiful women were dancing without rest; fine wine and delicacies were presented at the table in a row.</p> 
<p>"Eat this, I personally like this dish very much, it is made of the rank five Gu, Flying Vajra Centipedes, which are roasted over a charcoal fire, making its flesh delicious and tender." Heavenly Lord Bai Zu said with light laughter from the main seat, inviting the two Gu Immortals in the hall.</p> 
<p>The two Gu Immortals were none other than Qin Bai Sheng and Fairy Li Shan.</p> 
<p>Although the dishes were made by others, the two immortals had no misgivings. Qin Bai Sheng picked up a long piece of meat and threw it in his mouth.</p> 
<p>He chewed it loudly, his lips shone with oily luster. He raised his thumb in praise: "Indeed a delicacy! Not bad, not bad."</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu laughed loudly before looking at Fairy Li Shan: "I wonder how fairy finds it?"</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan's eating manner was much more elegant than Qin Bai Sheng; she took a few bites then appreciated the taste before smiling: "It is delicious, not only is there the smell of coal, there is also a nice chewy taste with a creamy and refreshing texture. It truly is a masterpiece."</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu laughed heartily with extreme satisfaction: "I won't conceal it from you two, I thought painstakingly and tested for eight days and eight nights to create this dish. This is one of my most satisfying works during this year."</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was a rank eight Gu Immortal and a lone cultivator. He had a hobby which was famous throughout the world of Northern Plains' Gu Immortals; he liked to cook gourmet food and create new fine dishes.</p> 
<p>"In this visit, we not only succeeded in inviting Heavenly Lord to participate in the auction, but also tasted such a delicacy, it is truly our honor." Qin Bai Sheng spoke at an appropriate time.</p> 
<p>"I shall engrave Heavenly Lord's hospitality in my heart. Now, we have already signed an alliance treaty, please forgive Li Shan for not being able to stay longer." Fairy Li Shan said.</p> 
<p>"Hehehe." Heavenly Lord Bai Zu nodded while all smiles, "Good. There are only a few rank eight seniors in Northern Plains. You two have already invited me, as well as Yao Huang, Five Elements Grandmaster and Old Ancestor Xue Hu. If only Prince Feng Xian is left out, it won't be good."</p> 
<p>"Heavenly Lord has penetrating insight, we were going to invite Prince Feng Xian."</p> 
<p>"Go, go. Organize this auction properly, this old man has great expectations."</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng and Fairy Li Shan left Bai Zu grotto-heaven, then hurried towards the southeast direction.</p> 
<p>Midway, Fairy Li Shan's expression suddenly changed. In her immortal aperture, Fang Yuan's message had arrived through moving perspective cup Gu.</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan slowly came to a halt.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng asked curiously: "Fairy, why are you stopping?"</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan gave a light smile: "There is a person I want to introduce to you."</p> 
<p>"Eh?" Qin Bai Sheng's interest rose.</p> 
<p>At this moment, Fang Yuan came out of Fairy Li Shan's immortal aperture, he quickly scanned his surroundings before looking at Qin Bai Sheng: "Lord Qin, your mighty name has long since resounded in my ears."</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng was a rank seven Gu Immortal with outstanding battle strength at the level of Shi Lei. Right now, as he saw Fang Yuan was only an immortal zombie with the lowest cultivation of rank six, his interest that had been roused just before rapidly disappeared.</p> 
<p>However, remembering Fang Yuan had directly come out of Fairy Li Shan's immortal aperture, it could be seen that Fang Yuan's relationship with Fairy Li Shan was not shallow. Qin Bai Sheng did not become arrogant, and only nodded and smiled lightly: "You flatter me, you are?"</p> 
<p>"My name is Sha Huang, I have a large transaction that I want to discuss with Lord Qin." Fang Yuan smiled.</p> 
<p>"What large transaction?"</p> 
<p>When Fang Yuan spoke of the matter of selling Gu Immortals' blessed lands, Qin Bai Sheng and Fairy Li Shan both turned pale.</p> 
<p>In the letter from the moving perspective cup Gu, Fang Yuan had not explained things clearly and only said he wanted to participate in the auction.</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan was endlessly shocked: "Sha Huang, you really have blessed lands of Gu Immortals to sell?"</p> 
<p>"Haha, they are not mine, I am only running an errand." Fang Yuan smiled. He and Fairy Li Shan were under the Snowy Mountain Alliance, so he must speak the truth.</p> 
<p>However, this indeed was the truth, just that he had only said part of it. He naturally would not say that he, this errand boy, had more of a share of the profits than the owner.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng's mood calmed down only then, as he deduced that Fang Yuan was a subordinate of some great person. In the open, Northern Plains had five rank eight Gu Immortals, but it was rumored there were some old monsters who were apparently still alive.</p> 
<p>Immediately, Qin Bai Sheng reevaluated Fang Yuan; he was still smiling, but his tone had a slight change now: "It is indeed a huge transaction. Brother, since you think highly of me and have confidence in this auction, then how could I refuse?"</p> 
<p>"Many thanks to Lord Qin for making an exception." Fang Yuan's smile turned even bigger.</p> 
<p>"What exception, honestly speaking, I am just glad it was not too late. Gu Immortals' blessed lands, tsk tsk, this will definitely heighten the climax of the auction. Haha, this auction I am holding will definitely be one of the few grand auctions over several hundred years in Northern Plains!"</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng laughed loudly and passionately patted this small rank six immortal zombie, Fang Yuan's shoulder: "Honestly, I am a boorish person! Lord Qin is a strange way to address me, brother, if you think I am worthy, then even if I am older by some years, how about calling me brother."</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng was already over seven hundred years old, he was indeed older than Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan directly cupped his fists with a smile: "Brother Qin."</p> 
<p>"Haha, Brother Sha." Qin Bai Sheng returned the greeting.</p>
    </body>
</html>
