<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 771: Lord Vice Envoy</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 771: Lord Vice Envoy</h1>
        
        <p>"Scoundrel, where are you trying to run to?" Dragon Commander Ye Cha led three immortal zombies as he flew in the air, they were very fast, as if like lightning.</p> 
<p>The person they were chasing was none other than Feng Jiu Ge.</p> 
<p>He disguised himself as an immortal zombie and tried to mix into Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, but at the last moment, he was blocked by the dao mark door at the discussion hall entrance.</p> 
<p>Because of this, the secret that he was not a Northern Plains immortal zombie was exposed, and Dragon Commander Ye Cha, one of the three leaders of Dark Flow Giant City, personally went after him.</p> 
<p>Suddenly, Feng Jiu Ge stopped his movements, he turned around and looked at the pursuers, smiling as he said: "Are you having a hard time chasing me? Why don't you stop, I just have a few questions, if you answer me truthfully, I might spare your lives."</p> 
<p>"What?" The immortal zombies flew into a rage.</p> 
<p>"Scoundrel, you will not be able to escape, you dared to scheme against us, worm!" A brawny male immortal zombie said in an malicious tone.</p> 
<p>"There might be a trap." A female immortal zombie immediately used her investigative method, scanning the surroundings.</p> 
<p>Almost at the same time, the female immortal zombie's expression became stupefied, she screamed in shock.</p> 
<p>Three Central Continent Gu Immortals appeared, together with Feng Jiu Ge, they surrounded the immortal zombies in a circle.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge laughed lightly, he got rid of his disguise and restored his original appearance, his rank seven Gu Immortal aura emanated with no room for doubt.</p> 
<p>The immortal zombies were all stirring anxiously.</p> 
<p>"Rank seven Gu Immortals!" Dragon Commander Ye Cha's face was grim, he tried to raise the morale: "So what if it is an ambush? We both have four people, the numbers are the same. You are a rank seven Gu Immortal, but I am also rank seven. Do not think that immortal zombies have low battle strength, we just refuse to do unnecessary battles normally. You Gu Immortals from another region are really daring, you dare to target Northern Plains Zombie Alliance? Hmph!"</p> 
<p>"That's right, don't think I'm afraid of you!"</p> 
<p>"A battle it will be."</p> 
<p>"You are all challenging our Zombie Alliance, have you thought of the consequences?"</p> 
<p>The immortal zombies spoke, they were united as one.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge clapped as he smiled: "By now, your letter to request support should have reached Dark Flow Giant City through your blessed land, right?"</p> 
<p>As he said that, the other three immortal zombies' facial expressions changed, even Dragon Commander Ye Cha's gaze flickered.</p> 
<p>Immortal zombies were in an awkward state, if they could avoid battle, they would try to do so. This place was not far away from Dark Flow Giant City, thus, the moment the Central Continent Gu Immortals appeared, the four immortal zombies sent the information back. This was not because they were afraid of dying, but rather, why would they not ask for reinforcements if they could?</p> 
<p>The more people there were, the greater their advantage, even if they battled intensely, they would suffer fewer losses, and the benefits after the battle would be higher.</p> 
<p>Those who could become Gu Immortals were astute people.</p> 
<p>Even a battle maniac would not fight brainlessly. If that was really the case, even if they became a Gu Immortal, they would not live long.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge looked at their expressions and cupped his fist as he praised: " Your esteemed alliance's dao mark door is truly impressive, I am full of admiration. Even though I have heard rumors about it, I wanted to try it for myself. But the dao mark door was left behind by a predecessor, now that I am here, I have the confidence of taking all your lives before your reinforcements arrive. I am sure that you have already noticed, even though this area seems normal, it is a battlefield killer move, isolating us from the outside world. I'm afraid your letter will not reach the alliance after all."</p> 
<p>The four immortal zombies' expressions changed again.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge sighed, his tone became more gentle, he spoke with a sense of sincerity that could move people: "I have a soul searching method, but I do not have the intention to kill you. If you cooperate with me and speak the truth, I will let you off intact."</p> 
<p>"Hmph, those are big words. Let's see your methods first." Dragon Commander Ye Cha interjected during Feng Jiu Ge's words, if he continued speaking, the morale that he had built up might fall apart.</p> 
<p>Other immortal zombies might give up, but Dragon Commander Ye Cha had a high status, he had his concerns — if he gave in without even trying to fight, his reputation would be ruined. How would he command his subordinates in the future? How would he remain as one of the three leaders of Dark Flow Giant City?</p> 
<p>Dragon Commander Ye Cha charged out first, the three immortal zombies behind him split up, towards his left, behind him, and to the right, instantly forming a simple diamond formation.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge's smile was unchanged, nevertheless he retreated in relaxed fashion.</p> 
<p>His opponents were too weak, he did not have the desire to fight!</p> 
<p>From his left and right, two Central Continent Gu Immortals laughed and attacked from either side.</p> 
<p>An intense battle of two against four unfolded, the Central Continent Gu Immortals were having the upper hand, expanding their advantage as time passed. Even though Dragon Commander Ye Cha furiously roared all the while and fought back bravely, he could not reverse the situation.</p> 
<p>But from start to finish, the two battling Central Continent Gu Immortals did not lose control over the situation.</p> 
<p>After fifteen minutes, Dragon Commander Ye Cha's face turned dark, he stopped the fighting. The other three immortal zombies had little battle intent remaining, they showed a faint expression of fear.</p> 
<p>"What questions do you have, as long as they do not infringe on the core benefits of my Zombie Alliance, ask away." Dragon Commander Ye Cha said coldly.</p> 
<p>"A wise man submits to circumstances, it is good that you have such an understanding." Feng Jiu Ge's smile became wider, he asked: "I need to know about immortal zombie Sha Huang."</p> 
<p>"Sha Huang?" Dragon Commander Ye Cha was stunned.</p> 
<p>"That immortal zombie who just joined." The female immortal zombie behind him said.</p> 
<p>"Oh?" Feng Jiu Ge's eyes flashed with joy, he asked earnestly: "I would like to hear more."</p> 
<p>At almost the same time, another intense battle was coming to an end.</p> 
<p>Whoosh whoosh whoosh....</p> 
<p>Fairy Jiang Yu and the others had injuries as they breathed heavily, in a rough state.</p> 
<p>"Hmph! It was due to my inferior skills you captured me today, you are free to kill me at your own convenience! But if you want my Immortal Gu or immortal materials, you can keep dreaming." Trapped in the middle, Qin Bai Sheng, who failed to escape, was bathed in blood as he maintained his final stance.</p> 
<p>Fairy Jiang Yu smiled bitterly as she shook her head: "Lord Vice Envoy, we would not dare to take your life. We have said it already, you are our leader."</p> 
<p>"Hmph!" Qin Bai Sheng's face was cold as ice, he was very alert: "Nonsense! In order to obtain my Immortal Gu and immortal materials, you are making up such a terrible lie. Do you think I am a child?"</p> 
<p>"Lord Vice Envoy, you are a member of Shadow Sect. The reason why you cannot remember things is because your soul was modified." Fairy Jiang Yu explained patiently.</p> 
<p>"Bullshit!" Qin Bai Sheng rebuked angrily: "Even if something was done to my soul, it is precisely my own soul, how can I not detect anything wrong? When you make a lie, try to ensure it's convincing."</p> 
<p>Fairy Jiang Yu's smile became even more bitter, the black robed Gu Immortal said: "Lord Vice Envoy, think of this from another angle. We are not stupid, why would we use this lie out of all excuses? The reason why your soul looks like it's unmodified is because we used our sect's supreme methods. Even a rank nine Gu Immortal cannot find any issues with it. But there is a problem, because the person himself cannot detect it due to the perfection of the modification. As time passes, he would become another person entirely."</p> 
<p>"Lord, you had personally designed this plan from the beginning. I had warned you that this was dangerous. After all, Lord Envoy himself was a great example. But lord was insistent on this, you said that to deceive the enemy, you need to deceive yourself. Inside this soul path Immortal Gu, your remnant soul is inside. As long as you fuse it into yourself, you will learn about the truth." Fairy Jiang Yu said, taking out a soul path Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng looked at this Immortal Gu silently.</p> 
<p>Fairy Jiang Yu continued: "Actually, Lord Vice Envoy, you must have noticed. In the battle earlier, we did not use any fatal methods, even when you injured us heavily, we did not have any intention to kill you. I'll give this Immortal Gu to you, you can inspect it yourself."</p> 
<p>The soul path Immortal Gu flew slowly, landing in front of Qin Bai Sheng.</p> 
<p>"She really gave it to him." Xue Song Zi, who was at the side, watched in shock.</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng was expressionless, he healed his injuries as he watched.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng was extremely alert, he used many methods to inspect it, after confirming that the Immortal Gu had no issues, he placed it in his hands and looked into it mentally.</p> 
<p>Soon, he realized that there really was a lump of soul inside this Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Furthermore, this lump of soul vaguely seemed to have a close relationship with him.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng hesitated for a moment before chuckling, he squeezed with his fingers and broke the Immortal Gu: "Scoundrels! This method was your trump card, right? Even using all my knowledge and experience, I could not see any flaws, but your attempt to trap me, even with your glib tongues, will end in failure!"</p> 
<p>"This!" Xue Song Zi shouted reflexively, he felt heartache. This was an Immortal Gu, he actually destroyed it.</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng was a little surprised, towards Qin Bai Sheng's action, he couldn't help but feel a sense of admiration.</p> 
<p>This was absolute self-confidence that could allow this action of his.</p> 
<p>Even in a desperate situation, Qin Bai Sheng's confidence towards himself had never wavered.</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng thought to himself: If it were him, facing such words from his enemies, what would he choose to do?</p> 
<p>"Lord Vice Envoy, you!" The black robed Gu Immortal shouted, he became anxious: "How will we salvage this now?"</p> 
<p>"No worry." Fairy Jiang Yu's lips curled up: "As expected, Lord Vice Envoy understands yourself best. If this was any other place, when the Immortal Gu was destroyed, the soul would dissipate. But thankfully, we spent a lot of effort and moved you here."</p> 
<p>"Hmph, where are we now?" Qin Bai Sheng shouted as he asked.</p> 
<p>The surrounding fog was thick, as Fairy Jiang Yu waved her sleeves, wind blew as they scattered, revealing a mountain wall.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng, Hei Cheng, and Xue Song Zi realized that they were in a valley now.</p> 
<p>"Luo Po valley?!" Qin Bai Sheng took a few glances and his heart jumped.</p> 
<p>"As expected of Lord Vice Envoy." Fairy Jiang Yu waved her sleeves, countless Gu worms flew up from the valley, using an immense number of white lotus giant silkworm Gu as the foundation, they formed a super Gu formation.</p> 
<p>The Gu formation activated, the force in it shocked He Lang Zi, Hei Cheng, and Xue Song Zi.</p> 
<p>"Ah—!" Qin Bai Sheng shouted in pain.</p> 
<p>After a dozen breaths of time, everything ended.</p> 
<p>Tens of Gu worms, including a good number of Immortal Gu, flew up from the valley, returning to Qin Bai Sheng's immortal aperture like birds returning to their nest.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng regained his full strength!</p> 
<p>"Finally, I am back..." Qin Bai Sheng looked at his hands, he said in a low voice, his expression was cold.</p> 
<p>"Subordinate pays respects to Lord Vice Envoy, congratulations to lord for returning safely." Fairy Jiang Yu and the black robed Gu Immortal knelt on the ground, while Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi bowed slightly. Only He Lang Zi was still acting rebellious, crossing his arms and watching coldly.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng recalled everything that happened, snorting coldly: "Feng Jiu Ge... I will remember this, sooner or later, I will settle the score with you. Jiang Yu, you only found these people? Just them alone will not be able to take down Lang Ya blessed land."</p> 
<p>"I have performed poorly in this task." Fairy Jiang Yu rapidly lowered her head and admitted error.</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi's expressions changed, but He Lang Zi opened his mouth and showed his sharp teeth, growling: "Qin Bai Sheng, never mind that you are acting so mysteriously, you actually dare to look down on me?"</p>
    </body>
</html>
