<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 883: Ancient Battle Formation, Heavenly Giant Solor</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 883: Ancient Battle Formation, Heavenly Giant Solor</h1>
        
        <p>Hearing Lang Ya land spirit's call, Fang Yuan's gaze flickered, he hesitated inwardly.</p> 
<p>But in the end, he still approached the land spirit and the hairy man Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Mo Tan Sang made the same decision as him.</p> 
<p>"Assemble the battle formation — Heavenly Giant Solor!" Lang Ya land spirit shouted, countless Gu worms flickered as they were teleported over by him, all of the hairy man Gu Immortals and the land spirit were covered by the Gu worms entirely.</p> 
<p>Soon after, these tens of thousands of Gu worms that suddenly appeared burst out with bright silver light.</p> 
<p>The silver light was dazzling, no one could look into it directly.</p> 
<p>Mo Tan Sang had a firmer attitude as he went to the land spirit. Seeing this small hill-like silver light, he did not hesitate, he went inside immediately.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan went in after him.</p> 
<p>Once they entered the silver light, Fang Yuan was directed by Lang Ya land spirit, towards the centermost area together with Mo Tan Sang.</p> 
<p>The land spirit's expression was grim, he nodded at Fang Yuan and Mo Tan Sang.</p> 
<p>Mo Tan Sang quickly expressed his loyalty: "Lord land spirit, don't worry, I, Mo Tan Sang, will represent the Northern Plains Inkman City in this battle, I will fight with all my ability, I will stay by your side no matter what!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was silent, he only nodded back at Lang Ya land spirit to express his intent.</p> 
<p>The other hairy man Gu Immortals were surrounding them.</p> 
<p>They did not put much attention on Mo Tan Sang, instead, they were assessing Fang Yuan who was also a 'hairy man Gu Immortal', they sent him curious, kind, and perplexed gazes.</p> 
<p>At the crucial moment, Lang Ya land spirit did not criticise Fang Yuan for turning into a hairy man Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>In fact, he felt a bit of joy in his heart.</p> 
<p>After all, this meant that Fang Yuan was showing a proactive and positive stance regarding the hairy men.</p> 
<p>"There is no time to chit chat, the three of us will be the main fighting force in the battle ahead." Lang Ya land spirit said.</p> 
<p>Before his words finished, the silver light around everyone had condensed to its limits, it turned into silvery metal liquid.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit suddenly jumped and danced around, shouting loudly: "Heavenly Giant Solor... Heavenly Giant Solor... Heavenly Giant Solor!"</p> 
<p>When he finished shouting it three times, the surrounding silver liquid burst out and created a space with the size of a courtyard.</p> 
<p>In the air, straight lines of light of all sizes gathered and formed into a three dimensional giant Gu formation.</p> 
<p>All the Gu Immortals were allocated to their positions by Lang Ya land spirit, they were separated at their respective formation cores, each having their own spot in the Gu formation.</p> 
<p>At the same time, a faint silvery light glow appeared on Fang Yuan, Mo Tan Sang, the land spirit, and the hairy man Gu Immortals' bodies.</p> 
<p>Outside, the Gu Immortal Hei Cheng could only see that Lang Ya land spirit set up the formation extremely quickly, first the silver light shot out, next the silver liquid spouted upwards, moving rapidly on the outside.</p> 
<p>Eventually, this silver liquid stopped circulating, becoming solid in an instant, as a metal giant that was tens of meters tall with three heads and six arms appeared with a silvery shiny body.</p> 
<p>The giant opened its eyes, it was like the awakening of a demonic god, a formless aura burst out, enveloping the surrounding sky.</p> 
<p>"This... is actually an ancient battle formation!" Fang Yuan was in the space created by the silver giant, his vision was synchronized with the giant.</p> 
<p>He first saw Hei Cheng's shocked expression, followed by Qin Bai Sheng's slightly surprised face.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit who was at the central formation core laughed smugly, he said proudly: "My Heavenly Giant Solor battle formation was the second strongest battle formation in the world even during the Olden Antiquity Era! It was merely second to Golden Heavenly Saint. Within this formation, all of our strengths are combined, we are one entity. The foundations of our souls are added up, and our immortal essence can be used interchangeably, we can communicate freely with thoughts, everyone else can instantly sense them."</p> 
<p>This way, they would not fear Qin Bai Sheng's immortal killer move, soul suppression!</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng's soul suppression killer move used his own soul foundation to suppress others.</p> 
<p>But now, Fang Yuan and the others were controlling the Heavenly Giant Solor, their souls were all added together. Even if Qin Bai Sheng's soul suppression was still usable, it would no longer have such a decisive effect.</p> 
<p>"Interesting, Heavenly Giant Solor, to think that it was in Long Hair Ancestor's hands." Qin Bai Sheng looked at the giant forming and did not strike. His reaction was strange, he stared at the giant as he showed some appreciation in his gaze.</p> 
<p>"This is an ancient battle formation, among the pinnacle of formation path, it can allow Gu Immortals to work together and add up their battle strength. But because of historical reasons, these types of battle formations have already been buried within the River of Time! To think that today, I would be able to see it personally." Hei Cheng sighed: "But it is not strange, Long Hair Ancestor was a famous person throughout history, he had the power to collect such an ancient battle formation."</p> 
<p>"Stop sighing, go and deal with it." Qin Bai Sheng ordered him after letting out a deep breath.</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng's expression froze, he stared at Qin Bai Sheng in disbelief: "You, you want me to block this giant alone? We all know that there are more than ten Gu Immortals working together, creating this giant with their collective power!"</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng snorted: "You know this, I am trying to obtain the Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron now, I cannot strike. Now is the time you show your worth. I am not asking you to defeat the giant, just stall it for a while. You have an Immortal Gu House, Dark Prison, with you, this should not be difficult. If we succeed, not only will I heal all your injuries, I will also alleviate your current lifespan crisis, you will regain a huge amount of lifespan!"</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng's tone was filled with pressure and threat. At the same time, there was a benefit that Hei Cheng could not resist!</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng squinted as his breathing became rougher.</p> 
<p>He was very brilliant, he had a deep shrewdness, he knew that Qin Bai Sheng was using him like a pawn.</p> 
<p>Towards this, Hei Cheng felt extremely angry, and also helpless.</p> 
<p>Because his weakness was currently grasped by Qin Bai Sheng. With such immense benefits, Hei Cheng had to obey him.</p> 
<p>"Send your immortal essence into the battle formation." Lang Ya land spirit instructed as he shouted: "Heavenly Giant Solor, attack!"</p> 
<p>The huge silver giant moved soundlessly, directly crashing towards Qin Bai Sheng.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng seemed to be unable to move easily, because he was trying to take the rank eight Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron, he stood on the spot.</p> 
<p>Seeing that the silver giant was about to hit him, at this time, Hei Cheng appeared in front of Qin Bai Sheng.</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng looked at the silver giant with a heavy expression, he waved his hand.</p> 
<p>In his hand, there was a black pearl, it was about the size of the base of a rice bowl, black and shiny, like a black crystal. On the surface of this translucent pearl, one could see a boar shaped animal sleeping inside.</p> 
<p>The boar was the ancient desolate beast sharp tusk boar, it had the battle strength of a rank seven Gu Immortal. In addition, this black pearl was the rank six Immortal Gu House of Hei tribe — Dark Prison!</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng first let out the sharp tusk boar and then entered the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison himself.</p> 
<p>Boom!</p> 
<p>With a loud bang, the silver giant collided with the sharp tusk boar, the immense force generated caused the air to explode, as a strong air current spread out around the place.</p> 
<p>The ancient desolate beast sharp tusk boar cried out, its boar head was full of blood, one of its sharp tusks was broken.</p> 
<p>In contrast, the silver giant took a few steps back, there was a dent in its chest. But soon, with the appearance of some fluctuating silver light, the dent was fixed, there were no injuries on it.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and the other immortals manipulating the silver giant could feel that several beads of immortal essence were expended in the process.</p> 
<p>"This damned previous version of myself, he turned all these proper Gu Immortals into idiots. Damn it!" Lang Ya land spirit was unhappy, he scolded 'himself' unhappily.</p> 
<p>He was very unhappy with this hit.</p> 
<p>Even though the silver giant had the advantage, the consumed immortal essence was too much.</p> 
<p>The impact earlier did not display the true power of the silver giant, primarily because these hairy man Gu Immortals were holding them back.</p> 
<p>"Mo Tan Sang, you will be the main attacker this time!" Lang Ya land spirit shouted angrily, he instructed in a ruthless tone: "Use your signature killer move!"</p> 
<p>"Understood." Mo Tan Sang replied as his expression turned serious, after three breaths of time, he used his attacking method in the formation.</p> 
<p>Qi path immortal killer move — Blasting Qi Roar!</p> 
<p>In Hei Cheng's vision, he saw the silver giant's neck turning at an angle as one of its heads was aimed at the sharp tusk boar.</p> 
<p>The silver giant had three heads and six arms, silvery fluctuations appeared on the right head, in the blink of an eye, it transformed into a black head that was as dark as ink.</p> 
<p>On the head, crystals that were sharp as spears grew, frost energy was oozing.</p> 
<p>The head's expression also changed. Its brows were standing up as its eyes popped out, it stared at the sharp tusk boar angrily.</p> 
<p>Seeing this head, Hei Cheng felt a strong sense of danger rising inside him.</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng wanted to recall the sharp tusk boar back to his side, when the black head opened its mouth.</p> 
<p>Roar—!!!</p> 
<p>A thunderous sound burst out, the sound reverberated over part of the world.</p> 
<p>Air was pushed out as sound waves spread to the surroundings wildly, most of the force was focused on the sharp tusk boar.</p> 
<p>Bam.</p> 
<p>Blood and flesh flew into the air, broken bones and organs splattered everywhere.</p> 
<p>The sharp tusk boar, an ancient desolate beast, having rank seven Gu Immortal battle strength, only lasted three breaths of time under the attack of the sound wave, before exploding and dying a terrible death.</p> 
<p>"Such power!" Hei Cheng's expression changed.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was moved: "An incredible ancient battle formation! It can amplify the power of an immortal killer move to such an extent."</p> 
<p>Mo Tan Sang and the hairy man Gu Immortals went into intense joy after the initial shock.</p> 
<p>They saw hopes of victory.</p> 
<p>Even though this attack used up several beads of their immortal essence again, the result of the attack was very much worth it!</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng's heart turned cold, facing this silver giant, even if he used dark arrow Immortal Gu, there would be little effect.</p> 
<p>But soon, hatred and determination appeared on his face.</p> 
<p>"Even though the sharp tusk boar is dead, I still have the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison!" Hei Cheng growled, he controlled Dark Prison, it flew like a meteor, bursting the air as it crashed towards the silver giant.</p> 
<p>An Immortal Gu House had both offense and defense, it was a war fortress, it could not be underestimated.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Star Cloud Grindstone.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Forceful Mountain Shield.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Heavenly Stem Earth Veil.</p> 
<p>Inside the silver giant, three Gu Immortals used three defensive immortal killer moves together.</p> 
<p>At once, three arms of the silver giant transformed at the same time!</p>
    </body>
</html>
