<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 764: Actions of All Parties</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 764: Actions of All Parties</h1>
        
        <p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu became the final winner of the intense bidding war, obtaining the complete recipe for Red Fiend Divine Boat. And the beneficiary of the back-door deal, Fang Yuan, also successfully obtained unravel mystery Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was very satisfied with this transaction.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu became the focal point of everyone's attention, and apart from a few related people, no one knew unravel mystery Immortal Gu had landed in Fang Yuan's hands.</p> 
<p>Red Fiend Divine Boat's recipe could be considered as an unexpected final climactic moment of the auction.</p> 
<p>Time passed, four hours later, this auction which included various outstanding people finally ended.</p> 
<p>"There is still no reply from Fairy Li Shan's end?" Fang Yuan secretly asked Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly sent his message: "Nothing until now. Fairy Li Shan actually missed such a grand event, it seems there is definitely some issue on her end. Do we return through the previous route?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng came to Qin Bai Sheng's blessed land through the hole earth Gu established between Qin Bai Sheng and Fairy Li Shan.</p> 
<p>Now, the situation on Fairy Li Shan's end was unclear, and rashly using hole earth Gu to return was undoubtedly an unwise move.</p> 
<p>"No, we will first leave along with the others, then use Fixed Immortal Travel. We need to be careful, though, there will definitely be turmoil soon." Fang Yuan reminded.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded with a serious expression.</p> 
<p>The auction might have ended, but there were sure to be many who were not satisfied with the results. With the end of the auction, the previous agreement signed by all parties would expire.</p> 
<p>Without the restriction, people's hearts and minds would be moved by wealth; robbery, extortion and ambushes would be the next event.</p> 
<p>Most of the Gu Immortals had the same thoughts as Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng. Thus, they left the blessed land in a hurry and full of caution.</p> 
<p>"We must get that guy! He actually dared to sell the Red Fiend Divine Boat recipe openly, our Zombie Alliance's face had been lost completely!"</p> 
<p>"We could let go if it was only our face, but the key thing is that the leader had repeatedly reminded us of the importance of this task before she left. But now, we have screwed up. When the leader comes back and hears the news, who knows how she will punish us!"</p> 
<p>Yin Liu Gong and Dragon Commander Ye Cha discussed as they looked at their target hurriedly leaving.</p> 
<p>In the sky above crimson reed marsh.</p> 
<p>"Heavenly Lord, I wonder if you are interested in selling the Red Fiend Divine Boat recipe to my Yao tribe?" Yao Huang stayed behind and persuaded Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu chuckled: "Lord Yao Huang is jesting, how can such a treasure be sold easily? I won't conceal it from you, I have a lot of descendants and they are filling up my grotto-heaven. Recently, I have been planning to establish a tribe, perhaps we can have many opportunities to collaborate with Yao tribe."</p> 
<p>The leaders of various forces in the surroundings had changes in their expressions as they heard this.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was a rank eight powerhouse. A tribe he established, with his support, was certain to thrive.</p> 
<p>Not only this, with the support of a rank eight Gu Immortal, even if the new tribe's foundation was lacking, it would still be a super force!</p> 
<p>Northern Plains was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's homeland, the place where he rose up and established a hereditary monarchy. For a long time up to now, the super forces in Northern Plains were almost all of Huang Jin bloodline.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was trying to poke his nose into this by establishing a super force, which no doubt was going to create an enormous impact on those Huang Jin descendants.</p> 
<p>At the same time, with the lone cultivator, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, becoming the first supreme elder of a righteous path force, it would have huge impacts on both the demonic path and lone cultivator camps.</p> 
<p>Yao Huang's smile became even brighter: "Since Heavenly Lord has such an intention, who could stop you in this huge world? It is very difficult for us old fellows to gather together, no time is better than the present, how about we have a chat today?"</p> 
<p>"Haha, this is also what I wanted to say." Heavenly Lord Bai Zu laughed heartily.</p> 
<p>Yao Huang opened up his Immortal Gu House, Medicine Cottage, and invited all the Gu Immortals present to join.</p> 
<p>Most of the super forces entered in the end, including Five Elements Grandmaster, who represented the benefits of lone cultivators.</p> 
<p>However, Old Ancestor Xue Hu refused.</p> 
<p>In this auction, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had invested a lot to buy Ma Hong Yun, as well as precious contents of the essence of the luck path true inheritance.</p> 
<p>What he most wanted to do now was to use Ma Hong Yun as the primary material in refining Fortune Rivalling Heaven and use its effects on himself.</p> 
<p>The person representing Prince Feng Xian's will — Feng Jiu Ge, who had disguised himself as Swordmaster You Lan, also refused this gathering and left on his own.</p> 
<p>In a hidden area among the reeds, he quietly met with the Central Continent Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>"I have sent you the message regarding the auction." Feng Jiu Ge looked at everyone with a smile.</p> 
<p>"Lord Jiu Ge made a really good move, such courage, I am in admiration."</p> 
<p>"With Zhao Lian Yun, we can search her soul and find many precious clues regarding the main culprit of the Imperial Court incident!"</p> 
<p>"I still have to thank lord for trading a suitable Immortal Gu for me."</p> 
<p>"What should our actions be next?"</p> 
<p>The Central Continent Gu Immortals talked one after the other, clearly treating Feng Jiu Ge as their leader.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge smiled. In this trip, he first used his tyrannical strength to subdue everyone, and now he had taken the risk to enter the tiger's den and trade Immortal Gu for them. Through Feng Jiu Ge's methods and charisma, a stick in one hand and a carrot in the other, he was finally able to lead this group of experts!</p> 
<p>Of course, Feng Jiu Ge knew that behind this harmonious atmosphere, everyone still had their own thoughts.</p> 
<p>It was only that all the experts were astute, now that they were in Northern Plains with a heavy mission on their shoulders, even if they had any hidden thoughts, they suppressed it deep within themselves for the time being, choosing to sincerely cooperate.</p> 
<p>To Feng Jiu Ge, this was enough.</p> 
<p>"Everyone, although we obtained Zhao Lian Yun, the clues available to verify the true culprit are probably not enough. If there were enough clues, Northern Plains' Gu Immortals would have already discovered the truth and the perpetrator would have nowhere to hide. However, I found someone who is suspicious." Feng Jiu Ge said.</p> 
<p>Everyone's spirits rose at hearing this information.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge continued: "But this person has hidden themselves too deeply, I never was able to find out their true identity, to find this person, we must start from the host of this auction."</p> 
<p>"Lord is talking about Qin Bai Sheng?"</p> 
<p>"He is a famous expert of Northern Plains, a rank seven metal path Gu Immortal."</p> 
<p>"I also know of this person, he is a lone cultivator. Creating such an achievement today with just his own strength is truly rarely seen."</p> 
<p>"Qin Bai Sheng not only has outstanding strength, he also has many favorable social connections. If we are going against him, we need to use all our strength to strike as quickly as possible. If we let him escape and ask for assistance from his allies, the situation will turn for the worse."</p> 
<p>Everyone was discussing vigorously.</p> 
<p>They were the representatives of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, powerful and with lot of methods, but they were fighting in enemy territory. Once their identities were exposed, it was likely that Northern Plains' Gu Immortals would band together to attack them.</p> 
<p>Fortunately, they still had Prince Feng Xian to aid them secretly.</p> 
<p>In another area, a fight had already started.</p> 
<p>"He Lang Zi, you really have guts, you actually dared to attack our Chanyu tribe!" The Gu Immortal who was ambushed shouted in fury.</p> 
<p>"Hmph, what is there to not dare? So what if you are from Chanyu tribe? No matter how powerful the immortal killer move winged blade is, can it save you now? Just be obedient and hand over that sandalwood sacred elephant egg, and I shall let you go." A giant wolf, the size of a small hill, spoke with an eerie gaze, in a human voice.</p> 
<p>This egg came from the mysterious rank eight Gu Immortal of Eastern Sea. It had fallen into the hands of Chanyu tribe's representative at a certain point of the auction.</p> 
<p>He Lang Zi had left previously, but actually had other intentions. He carefully set up an ambush outside and waited for someone to fall into it, capturing this unlucky fellow.</p> 
<p>"He Lang Zi, you have hidden your cards well. You actually have an informant in the auction! Didn't you call yourself a lone wolf, moving alone and disdaining interaction with other Gu Immortals? Hmph, if you have the guts, then place a stake against me in battle. If you win, I will immediately hand over this sandalwood sacred elephant egg to you. If you lose, then join our Chanyu tribe and serve for a hundred years!" The Chanyu tribe Gu Immortal shouted.</p> 
<p>He had just spoken, when he heard the sound of a woman's laugh coming from nearby.</p> 
<p>A black light flashed, and three Gu Immortals appeared.</p> 
<p>The Chanyu tribe Gu Immortal was startled; the other party had approached this closely, but he did not notice in the slightest until they intentionally revealed themselves.</p> 
<p>"You are Hei Cheng?" The Chanyu tribe Gu Immortal carefully observed and quickly recognized their identities, "Also Fairy Jiang Yu, hmm? Why is Xue Song Zi of the demonic path with you?"</p> 
<p>"Chanyu Zhong Er, I know you have the immortal killer move, immemorial flame axe. But thinking of using this move to battle He Lang Zi and recruit a rank seven as a goon for your tribe is too naive." Fairy Jiang Yu continued to smile.</p> 
<p>Chanyu Zhong Er's expression sank, as the other party had spoken accurately.</p> 
<p>It was because of this immortal killer move, immemorial flame axe, that he had the confidence to participate in this auction as Chanyu tribe's representative.</p> 
<p>But who could have thought that he had still greatly underestimated human desire, and also overestimated Chanyu tribe's stature.</p> 
<p>"Hei Cheng, you are a Hei tribe Gu Immortal and are of Huang Jin bloodline, like my Chanyu tribe. But you are actually colluding with demonic path outsiders to harm us righteous path Gu Immortals! Don't make such a huge mistake, it is still not too late to turn back." Chanyu Zhong Er thought rapidly and tried to persuade Hei Cheng.</p> 
<p>Xue Song Zi laughed loudly: "If it was your big brother here, Chanyu Shang Yi, we would have a headache. If it was your younger brother, Chanyu Xia San, we would have dispelled any intention of ambush. Unfortunately, you don't have the defensive prowess of your big brother, neither do you have the speed of your younger brother, today your defeat is certain!"</p> 
<p>Chanyu Zhong Er's expression became more unsightly, he stared fixedly at Hei Cheng and shouted: "Hei Cheng, you are a righteous path Gu Immortal, you built your reputation over so many years, do you not want it? If this matter were to be exposed or just a rumor of it is spread, you will be condemned by the public and hunted down like a rat!"</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng's eyes flickered with hesitation, but Fairy Jiang Yu transmitted him a message, making him firmly resolute.</p> 
<p>Without saying anything, he waved an arm, from which a dark arrow flew out, straight towards Chanyu Zhong Er. He used action to show his resolution!</p> 
<p>Snowy Mountain blessed land.</p> 
<p>Third branch peak.</p> 
<p>Jade green light shined and extinguished, Tai Bai Yun Sheng appeared in the room.</p> 
<p>At almost the same instant which he appeared, he activated his defensive killer move, nine cloud ring.</p> 
<p>One of the disadvantages of Fixed Immortal Travel was that other Gu worms could not be used during the process. Another disadvantage was that the amount of immortal essence consumed would depend on the strength of the target. Previously, Fang Yuan was still a mortal with few dao marks on his body, thus the immortal essence consumed was much lower. However, when transporting a Gu Immortal, the minimum consumption was at least one bead of green grape immortal essence.</p> 
<p>After finding no dangers, Fang Yuan came out of Tai Bai Yun Sheng's immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>This room was the place where Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan had met with them previously.</p> 
<p>"There has been no response from either Fairy Li Shan or Hei Lou Lan, in accordance with the alliance, we must look into this."</p> 
<p>"The most probable place is here!"</p> 
<p>Shortly, the two found Fairy Li Shan and Hei Lou Lan in a bedroom.</p> 
<p>"They are lying on the bed... sleeping?" Tai Bai Yun Sheng was dazed.</p> 
<p>He was about to walk closer but was stopped by Fang Yuan: "Don't approach them, it is dangerous!"</p> 
<p>"What danger?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's eyes let out a sharp light: "They are in a dream realm. If we approach them, we will also be ensnared."</p>
    </body>
</html>
