<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 670: Icy Drill Stardust</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 670: Icy Drill Stardust</h1>
        
        <p>The starlight firefly Gu were like a swarm of bees, flying in the air, giving off blue starlight.</p> 
<p>The starlight was being drawn in by an invisible force, gathering into a stargate.</p> 
<p>This was a huge circular door, it was made up of starlight, it shined like an illusion, it was like a scene within a dream.</p> 
<p>As time passed, the starlight firefly Gu continued to dwindle in numbers, as the dead starlight firefly Gu fell to the ground from midair.</p> 
<p>One leg stepped out of the stargate into Hu Immortal blessed land, next, the entire person walked out of the stargate.</p> 
<p>It was an old man, he had white hair and deep wrinkles, his eyes were tired but bright, it was Tai Bai Yun Sheng who had returned from Lang Ya blessed land.</p> 
<p>"I am back again..." Tai Bai Yun Sheng was covered in dust, he looked at the scenery in Hu Immortal blessed land, sighing to himself.</p> 
<p>Although he had not lived here for a long time, he felt that this was his home.</p> 
<p>He had a sense of belonging to this place.</p> 
<p>At this time, Fang Yuan flew over from the sky: "Hahaha, Old Bai you came back at a good time, come, see the killer move that I just deduced."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng saw this familiar figure and laughed heartily: "Oh, is that so? I bought a cloud path defensive killer move from the Inkman King, why don't we fellow disciples have a friendly match."</p> 
<p>Saying this, he flew into the air.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan heard this and raised his eyebrows, he stretched out one of his right arms, with his palm facing the sky, and his fingers straight.</p> 
<p>A lump of starlight soon began to form in his palm.</p> 
<p>"Oh? Is your killer move a star path killer move?" Tai Bai Yun Sheng saw this starlight lump and was shocked.</p> 
<p>He flew into the sky, as a ring of white clouds appeared around him.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was at the center of these white clouds, the clouds were like a huge belt, moving around along with Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan slowly moved his fingers, grabbing the starlight lightly in his hands.</p> 
<p>"Old Bai, get ready to take this." He growled, as he flicked a finger, a speck of starlight shot out like lightning.</p> 
<p>The starlight speck's size was small, but extremely fast, it flew in the air, shooting towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>"Decent speed." Tai Bai Yun Sheng evaluated, from such a long distance, with him completely focused, he had a chance to dodge it. But because they were exchanging blows, he wanted to test his own cloud path killer move, thus he stood still and took the starlight head on.</p> 
<p>When the starlight got close to Tai Bai Yun Sheng, the white cloud ring suddenly rotated, at an extremely fast pace!</p> 
<p>The cloud ring blocked the starlight for him.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng stopped the cloud ring, he gazed with rapt attention, only to see that at the area where the cloud ring had blocked the starlight, it had turned blue, and frost energy was oozing, creating a layer of frost.</p> 
<p>In response, he said laughingly to Fang Yuan: "It seems this killer move that you deduced isn't too amazing. You have to know, my killer move has not been fully activated yet."</p> 
<p>The corners of Fang Yuan's mouth opened, showing his sharp, uneven teeth: "Neither has mine, take this!"</p> 
<p>He flicked his fingers, as countless specks of starlight were shot out instantly.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was still at the same spot, but the cloud ring around him was rotating faster and faster, it was almost like a white ball had formed around him.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's specks of starlight were blocked by the cloud ring completely.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not stop attacking, he showed an interested gaze. The pure white cloud ring was gradually turning blue from the starlight, and its speed was getting slower.</p> 
<p>"Your killer move has a great freezing effect, it can slow your enemies." Tai Bai Yun Sheng evaluated: "My killer move also has another effect."</p> 
<p>Saying this, he continuing activating his killer move.</p> 
<p>The cloud ring that had almost been frozen into a blue ice statue exploded, with a loud bang, the blue frost turned into vapor as it spread towards the surroundings.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng showed joy, praising himself: "My cloud ring can store the attacks of enemies, when it reaches its limits or when I activate the following effect of my killer move, I can make the cloud ring explode, to let my enemies face their own attacks! Junior brother, it seems my killer move is stronger than the one you deduced."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan snickered: "Old Bai, it is still too early to say that."</p> 
<p>Saying so, he flicked his wrist, and threw the entire starlight lump towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's heart shuddered, he quickly activated his killer move, and five cloud rings formed around him. With him as the center, the cloud rings expanded out with varying sizes, the cloud rings were like five concentric circles surrounding him, protecting him in the center.</p> 
<p>The starlight lump came attacking, but the five cloud rings rotated rapidly, their afterimages produced an illusory white ball.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng laughed loudly, he was in the middle and felt extremely safe.</p> 
<p>But right at this moment, the starlight lump exploded.</p> 
<p>Ding ding ding, dang dang dang...</p> 
<p>Large amounts of starlight specks flew everywhere, colliding into one another, the explosion covered Tai Bai Yun Sheng's entire body, as frost energy burst out.</p> 
<p>"The force of this explosion far surpasses the force of the individual starlight specks added together." Tai Bai Yun Sheng's expression changed, the five cloud rings had turned blue, and their speed fell.</p> 
<p>"Again!" Fang Yuan raised his eight arms, with his monstrous arms simultaneously grabbing at the air like claws.</p> 
<p>The next moment, lumps of starlight formed in his palms.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng saw this and his pupils shrunk, he did not dare to be overconfident, he quickly activated his Gu worms and rapidly rotated the rings.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan stood on the spot, his eight arms fired shots consecutively, the starlight lumps flew like a meteor, bombing in the direction of Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>Bam bam bam...</p> 
<p>The explosions were right next to his ears, Tai Bai Yun Sheng's appearance turned pathetic, as he dodged around. The five cloud rings had reached their limits, they self-detonated one by one, while the force of the detonation allowed him to regain his momentum.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly replenished the five cloud rings, as Fang Yuan continued to unleash his explosions, but he managed to maintain his defense.</p> 
<p>"Enough." Fang Yuan suddenly stopped.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng breathed roughly, he slowly flew towards Fang Yuan: "What is the name of this killer move? What percent of its full power did you use?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan replied without any shame: "I named this icy drill stardust, this is my unique creation. When I activate it fully, I can unleash a water vat sized starlight lump up to six times, but the bigger the lump, the slower the speed of movement. Because the more stardust there is inside, the more they collide, and the energy used up would reduce their speed."</p> 
<p>"That is to say, you did not even use fifty percent of the killer move's power! How is your killer move so strong? Although it cannot compare to an immortal killer move, the power is already far superior to most mortal killer moves." Tai Bai Yun Sheng gasped.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed heartily: "When I was in Imperial Court blessed land, I found an inheritance, it came from a famous poet of northern plains, Dou Min Jun. He was creative and created a brand new star Gu. This star Gu can increase the attack power of star path Gu worms, it is like the weakened version of amplify effect Gu. When I deduced this killer move, I fused this Gu into it, thus the power was this great."</p> 
<p>This was the true reason why Fang Yuan chose a star path attack method.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng realized at once: "So that is it. I knew it, my defensive killer move is called nine cloud ring, when activated at full force, nine cloud rings can exist at once. Not only is the defense incredible, it can be replenished at any time, and can even return the attacks of enemies back to them. This cost me two whole immortal essence stones!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan nodded: "Your killer move is definitely worth the price, in fact, this will be priced at two and a half immortal essence stones in treasure yellow heaven. Inkman King is giving you a favor."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng laughed: "I understand this clearly, he was considering my landscape as before Immortal Gu. He is also a Gu Immortal, he needs to undergo tribulations and calamities, when his blessed land suffers damage, he would need to ask me to repair it! Landscape as before Gu is my way to earn a fortune from now on."</p> 
<p>"Old Bai, when your business expands in the future, I am sure many Gu Immortals will come to you for help. Come, let's talk while flying."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng slowly flew towards Dang Hun mountain.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked back, only to see that on the battlefield earlier, there were still dozens of blue star clouds. The insides of these clouds were still emitting a cracking noise, it came from the collision of starlight specks.</p> 
<p>As the frost energy spread around the star clouds, their color faded with time.</p> 
<p>"Junior brother, you are incredible. This icy drill stardust is worth at least four immortal essence stones if you sell it in treasure yellow heaven." Tai Bai Yun Sheng sighed.</p> 
<p>"If not for wisdom Gu, how would I have endless inspiration?" Fang Yuan replied plainly.</p> 
<p>Actually, with just wisdom Gu, if he did not have Little Immortal Xing Luo's ice path killer move, icy yarn, and her smaller killer move, six-nine stardust, he would not be able to deduce the killer move icy drill stardust.</p> 
<p>When Little Immortal Xing Luo started rising up, she was extremely poor, using the opportunity of the five regions war, she used her self-created icy stardust killer move to accumulate her wealth, finally gaining prominence and becoming a relatively famous character.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's intention was to make an attempt of buying the former version of icy stardust from her.</p> 
<p>When he saw icy yarn and six-nine stardust, he guessed that these two killer moves were the foundation of Little Immortal Xing Luo's new self-created killer move.</p> 
<p>After he spent half an immortal essence stone to buy it, he rushed towards wisdom Gu and used the light of wisdom to make deductions.</p> 
<p>Wisdom Gu's halo brought him unlimited inspiration, and Fang Yuan was a person who had been reborn, he had seen the power of icy stardust with his own eyes, this gave him the proper direction, avoiding the need to deduce blindly.</p> 
<p>Eventually, he combined Dou Min Jun's inheritance within, deducing the killer move icy drill stardust.</p> 
<p>This killer move was different from icy stardust, it had a smaller range but much greater power.</p> 
<p>One could say that using the inheritance of Dou Min Jun, he had already slightly surpassed icy stardust.</p> 
<p>"Rank nine wisdom Gu is truly phenomenal. I simply cannot imagine the effect when it is used fully. Honestly, I am a little envious of you. After becoming a zombie, you could receive such benefits!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked at Fang Yuan with admiration.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan shook his head: "There are a lot of flaws by becoming a zombie. Firstly, I have to thank Red Lotus Demon Venerable, next, I could reach this step because of coincidences and lucky opportunities. If not for the peculiar situation back then, allowing me to reach an arrangement with wisdom Gu, how could I utilize the light of wisdom?"</p> 
<p>"That's right, if not for Red Lotus Demon Venerable breaking fate Gu, after we die, our souls would be sucked into the door of life and death, slumbering in the death domain for all eternity. How would anyone be able to remain in the world, to become a zombie!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng sighed deeply.</p> 
<p>"Alright, before I left, I urged you to indirectly ask about the details of luck path from Lang Ya land spirit. Now that you've returned, what information did you obtain?" Fang Yuan asked.</p> 
<p>Ever since he learned that Long Hair Ancestor had discussed about Dao with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable for seven days and seven nights, this idea emerged in him.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit was far easier to deal with than Mo Yao's will.</p> 
<p>But Tai Bai Yun Sheng shook his head, he showed a strange smile: "After I repaired a few rivers, I was chased out by Lang Ya land spirit in a hurry. He has to eat his medicine grinder chips, he is very busy."</p> 
<p>"Eat his medicine grinder chips?"</p>
    </body>
</html>
