<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 661: Seeing Swamp Crab again</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 661: Seeing Swamp Crab again</h1>
        
        <p>"Found it." Fang Yuan's eyes shone, he had arrived before a purple stone pillar.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked in the direction of his voice, merely to see that this crucial pillar was very ordinary. Just that at the base of the stone pillar, there was a rock, flat and smooth like a bench, it looked slightly special.</p> 
<p>"This is it." Fang Yuan stretched out a large monstrous arm, sweeping the snow off the stone bench, confirming it.</p> 
<p>After Tai Bai Yun Sheng went into his immortal aperture, Fang Yuan sat down on the bench, using a Gu worm to cut his arm and letting the blood drip onto this purple stone pillar.</p> 
<p>His blood was not red like normal people, it was a jade green color and had no warmth, it was ice cold.</p> 
<p>The purple stone pillar had once been modified by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable with the use of his mysterious Gu worm, the jade green zombie blood was quickly absorbed.</p> 
<p>Ma Hong Yun's figure swiftly flashed across Fang Yuan's mind.</p> 
<p>This opportunity originally belonged to Ma Hong Yun, Fang Yuan could be said to be a thief.</p> 
<p>After Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun were sent out of the wind veil of assimilation by the luck path true inheritance, they were snatched by northern plains' righteous and demonic Gu Immortals, it was a scene of chaos.</p> 
<p>Right now, there was no news on the two of them, one could confirm that they were captured by a Gu Immortal. Whether they could escape or what ordeals they were going through, no one knew.</p> 
<p>Compared to his previous life, Ma Hong Yun was much more pitiful in this life.</p> 
<p>One could see that even with fortune that rivals heaven, it is not omnipotent.</p> 
<p>Luck only provides opportunities, whether one could use them well, that depends on the Gu Master's strength and abilities.</p> 
<p>Right now, everyone was still looking for Ma Hong Yun, but no one knew which Gu Immortal had hidden them. The allure of the luck path true inheritance was too great, especially for northern plains' Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>"My Spring Autumn Cicada has the weakness of impairing my own luck, if I can use the luck path true inheritance to fix this flaw, it would be the best method. Since rebirth, I have already suffered many difficulties from bad luck." Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.</p> 
<p>Not only was Ma Hong Yun a good target as a valuable treasure, most importantly — during this northern plains trip, Ma Hong Yun was an eyewitness, he was an insider and would likely expose Fang Yuan and the others.</p> 
<p>Thus, Ma Hong Yun also posed a death threat to Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>Killing Ma Hong Yun was one of the agreements in the Snowy Mountain Alliance.</p> 
<p>Entering Lang Ya blessed land again, Fang Yuan did not enter the cloud building's room like last time.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya blessed land's unique terrain was that it was situated on vast white cloud soil.</p> 
<p>Twelve buildings, at equal lengths apart, were situated on the cloud soil, they were the twelve cloud buildings.</p> 
<p>But what Fang Yuan saw was a messy sight.</p> 
<p>The fertile cloud soil was full of holes. There was ice forming in some holes, while black smoke was rising in some holes.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng came out of Fang Yuan's immortal aperture, upon seeing this, he said: "A battle had occurred here not long ago. It seems that Lang Ya land spirit was really in trouble."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not speak, he only looked at the twelve cloud buildings far away.</p> 
<p>These twelve buildings had their respective features, some had immortal cranes flying around them, some had feathermen living in them, some had beautiful auroras, while some had the smell of incense.</p> 
<p>But right now, only eight of these twelve buildings were intact, the remaining three were in bad shape, walls were collapsed and structures were crumbling.</p> 
<p>"What happened? We are already in Lang Ya blessed land, yet the land spirit has yet to appear?" Tai Bai Yun Sheng frowned, feeling very alert in his heart.</p> 
<p>"Let's go in and see first." Fang Yuan pondered.</p> 
<p>The two flew over, slowly getting close to the twelve cloud buildings.</p> 
<p>"Quickly look, there is a desolate beast corpse there!" After moving for some time, Tai Bai Yun Sheng suddenly pointed at one direction, saying.</p> 
<p>Only to see that a huge fish was lying on the cloud soil, not moving.</p> 
<p>It had the size of a normal whale, but it looked like a carp. There were bones protruding out of its back, along the spine, extending outwards.</p> 
<p>Its scales were blue in color, its eyes were as large as a horse carriage, with some starry radiance in them.</p> 
<p>"This is the desolate beast, spinefin star dragonfish." Fang Yuan said.</p> 
<p>He knew that Lang Ya land spirit had a beast enslavement Immortal Gu and enslaved twelve desolate beasts, each kept in one of the twelve cloud buildings.</p> 
<p>Was this spinefin star dragonfish one of the twelve?</p> 
<p>"Oh? Someone came in." In a dark secret room, Lang Ya land spirit opened his eyes, sensing Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>In front of him, there was a Gu Immortal. He was middle aged and had a mighty disposition, his appearance was not that of a normal man, he had black skin and white hair, he was an inkman Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>"What? Another strong foe?" The inkman Gu Immortal heard the land spirit and became nervous.</p> 
<p>"Oh, it is that rascal! Pfft, he scared me. No worry, I know this person. Half a year ago, he came here before." After Lang Ya land spirit focused his mind to detect them, he breathed out deeply.</p> 
<p>The inkman Gu Immortal raised his brows in surprise, he did not think that there would be other guests coming to Lang Ya blessed land besides himself.</p> 
<p>"Since they are friends and not foes, then all is well. It has been three days and three nights since we entered the secret room, in just a moment, we can release one layer of the seals on you. At this time, we cannot be disturbed." The inkman Gu Immortal's heart settled.</p> 
<p>"But we cannot let them near the cloud building. Old friend, you might not know this, but that kid is crafty and scheming, he is Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's inheritor, I suffered a loss from him in the past. Let me mobilize the desolate beast and stop him from coming temporarily." Lang Ya land spirit gritted his teeth and said.</p> 
<p>"We've been in here for so long, yet Lang Ya land spirit has not appeared yet, it seems something huge happened here! The attack on Lang Ya blessed land was definitely not done by one person. Such a force is not to be trifled with, we should search the battlefield and retreat for now."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was speaking, when suddenly, a large 'golden metallic mountain rock' drilled out of the cloud soil.</p> 
<p>The 'cubic rock' moved quickly, blocking the way of the two.</p> 
<p>"Desolate beast!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng readied himself to face this enemy.</p> 
<p>The desolate beast had no eyes, a large pair of pincers were right in front of it. No one dared to doubt the power of these fearsome weapons.</p> 
<p>Furthermore, it had nine pairs of legs, coming out of the cubic rock as they extended.</p> 
<p>The crab legs stabbed into the cloud soil, propping the desolate beast's large body up.</p> 
<p>At this point, Tai Bai Yun Sheng recognised the origins of this desolate beast: "This is the lord of swamps — swamp crab!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan snorted, he was very familiar with the swamp crab. After all, when he had just obtained Hu Immortal blessed land, he faced a swamp crab in his tribulation.</p> 
<p>Most importantly, that swamp crab had the gruel mud Immortal Gu, causing great destruction to Dang Hun mountain.</p> 
<p>In order to save Dang Hun mountain, Fang Yuan had to enter northern plains and attempt to take Tai Bai Yun Sheng's landscape as before Immortal Gu. Now, after braving many dangers, not only did he succeed in saving Dang Hun mountain, he even recruited Tai Bai Yun Sheng to join him, one could say he obtained both the Gu and the Gu Master.</p> 
<p>The swamp crab blocked their path, Tai Bai Yun Sheng stopped in his tracks and asked Fang Yuan: "What do we do now?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's gaze was locked on the desolate beast, he said one word: "Fight."</p> 
<p>"Be careful." Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded, swiftly retreating, pulling some distance from Fang Yuan. He was a healing Gu Immortal, in most situations, he would not charge forward and take a risk, this was also in line with his usual personality.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan floated in the air, looking at the swamp crab silently. Next, he breathed in deeply, straightened his back and stretched his eight arms.</p> 
<p>The muscles on his body bulged, resembling an iron monster. His eyes were blood red, his green face and sharp fangs gave off a ruthless and terrifying aura.</p> 
<p>At the next moment, Fang Yuan moved, his body was like a meteor crashing towards the swamp crab.</p> 
<p>The swamp crab was huge, but it was unbelievably agile, nine pairs of legs moved quickly, as it dodged sideways.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan was a flying master, even though it seemed like he would miss, with just a turn, he crashed into the swamp crab's back.</p> 
<p>Bam!</p> 
<p>With a thunderous sound, the swamp crab was pushed into the ground by Fang Yuan's forceful impact.</p> 
<p>His over six meters tall body stood in a crater. This was the damage caused by his attack.</p> 
<p>"Tough enough!" Fang Yuan grinned, pulling back four of his right arms.</p> 
<p>His fists, without exception, were torn open and showed the white bones inside.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan had lost his sense of pain, even though his fists were injured, they was healing at an insane speed, in just a few breaths' time, his four right fists recovered completely.</p> 
<p>Puff puff!</p> 
<p>Two waves of fierce winds approached to assault him.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's wings opened, as he tread into and flew in the air like lightning, dodging the fierce winds.</p> 
<p>Hearing two sharp sounds, Fang Yuan turned around to look, only to see that the swamp crab's huge pincers were bending at an unbelievable angle, towards his back and snapping together.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan dodged slower, he would've been hit already.</p> 
<p>The battle strength of a desolate beast was comparable to a rank six Gu Immortal. Even with the absurd defense of Fang Yuan's heavenly zombie body, he did not want to endure the attack.</p> 
<p>"The swamp crab's armor is extraordinarily hard, there is almost no flaws in its defense. I do not have cutting or drilling abilities, I can only break through with pure strength, using power to force my way through is the best method." Fang Yuan's thoughts collided intensely in his mind.</p> 
<p>His body continued to rise, as he looked down. In just a few breaths of time, the swamp crab's body was full of crabs.</p> 
<p>These crabs were as large as tigers, they were fearless. Some has sharp crab legs, resembling needles. Some had claw like limbs, and were very fast.</p> 
<p>This was the special ability of the swamp crab — it could reproduce at any time and place, summoning a crab army that would move according to its will.</p> 
<p>"Very good." Fang Yuan's gaze was cold and dark, he breathed in deeply and activated the killer move, myriad self!</p> 
<p>With the expenditure of one bead of green grape immortal essence, he activated the core Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Thereafter, large numbers of Gu worms started activating in a certain pattern.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's eight fists pounded at the swamp crab below him.</p> 
<p>Bam bam bam...</p> 
<p>Each fist exploded with a formless fist qi, the shadows of the fists were flying as his punches rained down like a torrential storm!</p> 
<p>The swamp crab cried out pitifully, it was being pressed into the ground by the unceasing fist qi.</p> 
<p>Thousands of fist qi slammed on the swamp crab's back, causing its hard shell to become deformed. The fist qi that dispersed formed and gathered, becoming one of Fang Yuan's strength path phantoms.</p> 
<p>Ten breaths later, an army of strength path phantoms formed on the swamp crab's back.</p> 
<p>"This is..." Tai Bai Yun Sheng was shocked, this was the first time he had seen this killer move.</p> 
<p>The strength path phantom army surrounded the swamp crab, and the crab army collapsed at once, the swamp crab was unable to endure the attacks and cried out, trying to put up resistance, but it could not prevent its imminent defeat.</p> 
<p>No matter how many strength path phantoms it killed, Fang Yuan continued to attack, and more strength path phantoms were produced every moment.</p> 
<p>"Ahhhh, my desolate beast! What killer move did this rascal use, I have never seen it, it is actually so strong! This killer move has definitely got to be an immortal killer move!" In the secret room, Lang Ya land spirit could see all that was going on, he lost his cool as he started shouting.</p>
    </body>
</html>
