<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 973: Spring Dream Fruit Tree</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 973: Spring Dream Fruit Tree</h1>
        
        <p>Spring dream fruit trees were a very special type of plant.</p> 
<p>They could be any kind of fruit tree, but only extremely few fruit trees could become spring dream fruit trees.</p> 
<p>One of these spring dream fruit trees was next to a farmer's home.</p> 
<p>The head of the family was an old man, known as old man Chen.</p> 
<p>"Son, in half a year, you will be married. I will build a house for you, the main girder of the house will be built using this fire date tree." Old man Chen stood in front of the tree, and patted its thick bark, as he spoke to his son who was at the side.</p> 
<p>The son looked at this date tree and gave a thumbs up, pleased: "Father, this is a good idea. This date tree is older than the history of our village. I remember that it has already stopped producing dates, it will be useless even if it keeps on growing. Cutting it down to construct the main girder for my house will be putting it to good use!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan coldly snorted.</p> 
<p>He was standing not far away, but was invisible.</p> 
<p>Old man Chen and his son, who were not even Gu Masters, were unable to sense him.</p> 
<p>Finding out by chance the reason for the spring dream fruit tree being cut down, Fang Yuan inwardly frowned.</p> 
<p>This spring dream fruit tree's existence was supported by this date tree.</p> 
<p>A true spring dream fruit tree was a tree that existed in dreams and did not have a material body. But it required a real tree to be the foundation for it to live long.</p> 
<p>This date tree was several thousand years old, only old trees like this could be used by the spring dream fruit tree.</p> 
<p>Naturally, the specific requirements involved not just age.</p> 
<p>Humans needed to be living near the tree, the dreams of these humans from generation after generation would nourish the spring dream fruit tree.</p> 
<p>In history, this place was once the base of a volcano.</p> 
<p>Because the volcano erupted every several hundred years, the large amounts of volcanic ash created fertile soil in the surroundings.</p> 
<p>Attracted by the excellent natural farmland, there would be people migrating now and then. They would gradually form villages, which would later be destroyed by the volcanic eruptions.</p> 
<p>Fire date trees were extremely resistant to heat, they could even resist lava, thus they were able to continue existing.</p> 
<p>If the date tree was cut down, the spring dream fruit tree would be destroyed. But to move the date tree, there needed to be corresponding dream path methods to move the spring dream fruit tree at the same time, otherwise Fang Yuan would only obtain an ordinary date tree and not the spring dream fruit tree.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not have methods to move the spring dream fruit tree. Currently, it was not possible for him to even pick the spring dream fruits. He would need to refine some dream path mortal Gu that were targeted at picking the fruits.</p> 
<p>In the past, Mo Yao seemed to have recognized the extraordinariness of this tree, but due to her limited knowledge, or perhaps she also sensed that casually picking the tree would not work, she chose to leave it behind.</p> 
<p>"It seem I still need to preserve the living environment of this spring dream fruit tree for some time."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan flicked a finger, two wills separately drilled into the minds of old man Chen and his son.</p> 
<p>The son suddenly let out tears: "Father, let's not cut down this tree. Even if it can't produce dates anymore, I want to keep on seeing it. It has accompanied me as I have grown, when I was young, I urinated on the tree, when I got slightly older, I built a swing on it. Let's forget about cutting it down..."</p> 
<p>"Sigh! Alright." Old man Chen's eyes had also reddened, nodding emotionally: "Then let it continue to grow here. We will choose another tree, although there is not any that is as tall as this one, they will be enough for the main girder of the new house."</p> 
<p>After dealing with the mortals' thoughts, Fang Yuan arranged a Gu formation here to protect the spring dream fruit tree.</p> 
<p>In the meantime, he would have to refine some corresponding dream path mortal Gu to pick up the fruits.</p> 
<p>This required time.</p> 
<p>Almost all the refinement materials for dream path mortal Gu were derived from dream realm.s</p> 
<p>"According to how my previous life went, after refining change form Immortal Gu, I helped Tai Bai Yun Sheng pass his tribulation, then participated in the battle to defend Lang Ya blessed land. After the battle, I took up the identity of Xing Xiang Zi to enter Eastern Sea and participate in the invasion of Yu Lu blessed land. In this process, because of the collapse of Starry Sky grotto-heaven, I was invited by Immortal Crane Sect to invade a fragment world of the grotto-heaven. After this matter, Blazing Heaven Demoness appeared, defeating the immemorial desolate beast one finger flow shark. I was forcefully recruited by Blazing Heaven Demoness, then returned to Northern Plains and obtained the Earth Trench inheritance. After that, I took part in killing Hei Cheng, then was forced to set a new agreement with Blazing Heaven Demoness and the others, then we went on to seize Luo Po valley. Finally, I took part in the battle of Yi Tian Mountain!"</p> 
<p>"This time, after my rebirth luckily succeeded, my main objective is still the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage. As long as I can become the owner of this Immortal Gu House, I can smoothly suppress the rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie, in that case, my gains will be huge!"</p> 
<p>Although Fang Yuan's plan of taking the Immortal Gu House early had failed, how could one failure shake his resolution?</p> 
<p>Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage had not appeared now, then he could only wait for the moment it appeared.</p> 
<p>Originally, Fang Yuan's plan had been to take the Immortal Gu House, then suppress the rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie. He would wait until the alliance agreement expired, then he would use the Immortal Gu House to deal with Hei Lou Lan, Fairy Li Shan and Blazing Heaven Demoness, maybe he could even borrow the rank eight Immortal Gu House, Refinement Cauldron, from Lang Ya blessed land, and seize their Immortal Gu, obtaining the greatest benefits.</p> 
<p>However, he could not do that now.</p> 
<p>Without the Immortal Gu House, Fang Yuan's strength was clearly weaker than Hei Lou Lan's side. Even if he had many plans and plots, without strength, they could not come to fruition. After all, Hei Lou Lan was also a formidable character, she was not someone who could be trifled with easily. This was clear from when she killed her own father, then disguised herself to enter Hei tribe.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's original plan was wonderful, but reality was cruel.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan made calculations on the basis of the worst possible situation, if Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage appeared at the same time as in his previous life, then he would be unable to covertly take this Immortal Gu House.</p> 
<p>The likelihood of this was huge.</p> 
<p>"When Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage appeared, it produced a grand sight, the battle scene of that day in history kept on being displayed. If that is the case, then I can only follow my previous life, and participate in the gambling contest between the Southern Border Gu Immortals, and personally entering the demonic path side on Yi Tian Mountain."</p> 
<p>If he went in like this, the risks would be extremely huge, he would have to face the Gu Immortals of Southern Border, Shadow Sect, and also Heavenly Court. It would be entering great danger.</p> 
<p>But how can there be gains without any danger?</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was cautious, but he did not lack the mindset to take risks.</p> 
<p>The huge benefits had already made him resolved to take the risk.</p> 
<p>He had been reborn, and had plenty of experiences and knowledge of his previous life, if he did not dare to conspire, then Fang Yuan considered this to simply be cowardly!</p> 
<p>"Since the protection of the spring dream fruit tree has been ensured, I can put it aside for the moment. I should change my plans, I need to ally with Hei Lou Lan again!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had self strength Immortal Gu, Blazing Heaven Demoness would definitely target him.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan obtained the Immortal Gu House early, then he would not be afraid of Blazing Heaven Demoness.</p> 
<p>But the situation happened to be different now, Fang Yuan needed to obtain the Immortal Gu House, and in the process, he might have to face the Southern Border Gu Immortals, Shadow Sect and Heavenly Court. Now, he needed the strength of others.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Hei Lou Lan, Fairy Li Shan, Blazing Heaven Demoness and others, especially Blazing Heaven Demoness, with her rank eight cultivation, she could add much power to the Immortal Gu House.</p> 
<p>In his previous life, Fang Yuan had suffered from going in alone without help. When Shadow Sect mobilized, Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan were both in Xiao Hun blessed land, using Luo Po valley to cultivate their soul. And Tai Bai Yun Sheng was still in Eastern Sea.</p> 
<p>Naturally, it was also because Fang Yuan had intentionally concealed it from Hei Lou Lan, Fairy Li Shan and the others, sneaking into Yi Tian Mountain alone.</p> 
<p>Even if Fang Yuan revived, he would only have rank six bottom tier cultivation. To advance to rank seven, he needed to go through many earthly calamities and three heavenly tribulations. In the blessed land's time, it would take three hundred years.</p> 
<p>There was clearly not enough time for Fang Yuan to do this.</p> 
<p>Of course, he could also devour Hu Immortal blessed land and Star Form blessed land, but his body had a strength path immortal aperture which did not relate to these blessed lands.</p> 
<p>Right now, the utmost priority was to turn enemies into allies and strategize from there.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan wanted to eliminate Hei Lou Lan and the others, but this kind of impatience could spoil his grand scheme. There were many times when one needed to compromise.</p> 
<p>To accomplish one's aims in the world, it was necessary for any person to compromise, and to learn how to compromise. No matter how high someone's position was, they would need to follow this.</p> 
<p>Giving up small benefits for greater benefits, this was a display of a person's growth.</p> 
<p>Using Fixed Immortal Travel again, Fang Yuan returned to Hu Immortal blessed land.</p> 
<p>In his previous life, when Fang Yuan wanted to target Hei Lou Lan, she had already left Hu Immortal blessed land for the outside world, her tracks were concealed, and as such Fang Yuan was not able to make a move against her.</p> 
<p>But in this life, at this time, Hei Lou Lan still was staying in Hu Immortal blessed land.</p> 
<p>She was using her strength qi Immortal Gu to help the hairy men in the stone nests to refine airsac Gu.</p> 
<p>When Fang Yuan found Hei Lou Lan, she was within a stone nest.</p> 
<p>She was holding an information path mortal Gu in her hand, frowning at the information brought by the Gu worm.</p> 
<p>Seeing Fang Yuan, Hei Lou Lan raised the information path mortal Gu and asked: "Did you hear about the matter of the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent ambushing Song Zi Xing?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan smiled lightly: "Of course I did. This matter can be kept secret from mortals, but it cannot be hidden from Gu Immortals. Even though Central Continent's ten great ancient sects are hiding their traces, the other Gu Immortals in Central Continent would not want to keep this a secret, right now, they are looking forward to seeing some drama in the ten great ancient sects."</p> 
<p>"Oh!" Hei Lou Lan sighed deeply: "Such a prime opportunity, but we missed it. If we could kill Song Zi Xing during this period, we might be able to obtain Star Form blessed land."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan glanced at Hei Lou Lan, sighing internally: This person really is formidable!</p> 
<p>She already had attitude Gu, but had restrained herself, not only was he not informed, she did not even inform her closest friend and relative, her aunt Fairy Li Shan.</p> 
<p>To deceive the enemy, one had to start from deceiving those they were closest to.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan was like her.</p> 
<p>He had obtained possession of Star Form blessed land, but had deliberately concealed the information, keeping Hei Lou Lan in the dark. In his previous life, were it not for Blazing Heaven Demoness, this secret would not have been revealed.</p> 
<p>It was because Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan were similar kinds of people, that Fang Yuan appreciated Hei Lou Lan while also being apprehensive at the same time. If possible, he truly wanted to get rid of her and get rid of her quickly.</p> 
<p>But destiny worked in mysterious ways, Fang Yuan had to deepen his collaboration with Hei Lou Lan to obtain the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.</p> 
<p>Therefore, at the next moment, Fang Yuan took out self strength Immortal Gu, placing it in his hand and holding it out for Hei Lou Lan.</p>
    </body>
</html>
