<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 971: A Bit of Excitement Thinking About It</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 971: A Bit of Excitement Thinking About It</h1>
        
        <p>The strange phenomenon in the river of time only occurred for a very short moment, but it was deeply etched into Fang Yuan's mind and left a lasting memory.</p> 
<p>It was at the crucial moment between life and death, it was impossible to not have a clear memory of it!</p> 
<p>Now, as he recalled that moment, Fang Yuan was filled with doubts.</p> 
<p>"The ghost face and the red lotus, what do they mean? Why did I not come across this situation when I used Spring Autumn Cicada before? Does it occur only when Spring Autumn Cicada's activation fails? Or..."</p> 
<p>Shaking his head, Fang Yuan stopped thinking about this mysterious subject.</p> 
<p>He jumped out of the poisonous blood and flew out of the turtle shell.</p> 
<p>"The injuries on me are heavy, and the sole success dao mark is now destroyed because of the Gu refinement failure, it is truly a pity."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan examined himself and soon noticed the aftereffects of this Gu refinement failure.</p> 
<p>His body was filled with cracks, almost on the verge of falling apart. Such injuries would require months of recuperation before they could be mended.</p> 
<p>Gu refinement in itself was a dangerous task, not unlike a heated battle.</p> 
<p>Let alone when refining Immortal Gu!</p> 
<p>This time, Fang Yuan had failed in Gu refinement because of his rebirth, suffering serious injuries was to be expected.</p> 
<p>What made Fang Yuan feel even more regret was that the success dao mark, which he had obtained after painstaking efforts in the Refinement Path Convention and a difficult journey to reach the top ranks, was destroyed.</p> 
<p>This gave Fang Yuan some insight.</p> 
<p>"Previously, the reason I failed in refining star thought Immortal Gu was not because there was a problem in my method, but the subtle aspect of mutual fusion of the dao marks of each immortal material, which is not something one can control. This is one of the crucial reasons for the low success rate in refining Immortal Gu."</p> 
<p>"The greatest use of success dao marks is to influence this aspect, to let the dao marks of the immortal materials fuse together and reach the standard for the Gu refinement. Thus, when I began refining Immortal Gu, the success dao mark was consumed, turning into a special type of immortal material that assisted in refinement."</p> 
<p>"Last time, there was no mishap and I was able to refine change form Immortal Gu, the aid of the success dao mark was immeasurable. But this time, because of my rebirth, this highly likely refinement was messed up."</p> 
<p>Thinking of this, Fang Yuan felt some irony.</p> 
<p>It was not that with the success dao mark, the Gu refinement would succeed no matter how it was done.</p> 
<p>If the Gu Master was purposely trying to fail, intentionally using wrong refinement methods, then it would be certain failure.</p> 
<p>Success dao marks were not all-powerful.</p> 
<p>Earlier, why did Fang Yuan intentionally choose Star Form blessed land to refine the Immortal Gu? It was because he was afraid of being disturbed by outside forces, which could cause the Gu refinement to fail.</p> 
<p>Once the refinement failed, the immortal materials would be lost, injuries were a small matter, the main thing was that the success dao mark would also be destroyed.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was reborn, and it just so happened to be during the process of refining change form Immortal Gu, this doomed him to failure.</p> 
<p>Nothing could be done about it now. Last time, change form Immortal Gu had been refined successfully, but now it had failed.</p> 
<p>"I have been reborn, and although I have the advantage of future knowledge, accurately speaking, it doesn't mean a path to success."</p> 
<p>"But this rebirth gave me huge advantages. Losing a success dao mark is inconsequential!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan soon sorted out his mood, and stabilized his mindset.</p> 
<p>Fixed Immortal Travel!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan activated the Immortal Gu and returned to Hu Immortal blessed land.</p> 
<p>In the past, he was anxious, but now he knew that there would still be a while before Central Continent made a breakthrough with the matter of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. He could be more at ease.</p> 
<p>Although he had his previous life's experience, Fang Yuan had always been the one to consider everything before taking action. An impetuous person would absolutely be unable to reach his current stage.</p> 
<p>How would he use the countless disorderly clues and his current resources to obtain the maximum benefits?</p> 
<p>This was the main question Fang Yuan needed to consider.</p> 
<p>An immortal zombie had slower thought processes, Fang Yuan stepped in the light of wisdom to ponder.</p> 
<p>Compared to his previous life, his wisdom path attainment had already reached grandmaster level! He had even thought of a small Gu formation that could let him use the light of wisdom more efficiently and save a large amount of time.</p> 
<p>In just half a day, Fang Yuan finished pondering over the question.</p> 
<p>An immortal zombie did not need to eat or drink, although he was injured, Fang Yuan had to make use of every minute and second.</p> 
<p>Fixed Immortal Travel!</p> 
<p>He immediately activated this Immortal Gu to secretly return to Southern Border.</p> 
<p>Using his methods, he removed most of the aura of the Immortal Gu, then he quietly approached Yi Tian Mountain.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was familiar with the surrounding ten thousand li of Yi Tian Mountain.</p> 
<p>In his previous life, an unprecedented gambling contest had been held on Yi Tian Mountain, Fang Yuan had also participated in it. As time passed, the range of the forbidden zone for immortals had continued to expand, and Fang Yuan had to constantly move farther away, along with the Southern Border Gu Immortals. Thus, he was very familiar with the scenery near Yi Tian Mountain.</p> 
<p>Yi Tian Mountain!</p> 
<p>At this moment, it was still only a nameless mountain peak.</p> 
<p>Before Fang Yuan's arrival, there had just been rain over this mountain, the future Yi Tian Mountain was tall and beautiful, with lush trees and deep valleys. A rainbow appeared above and life seemed to brimming with vitality.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan gazed from afar, moving in carefully and full of expectations.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan was asked what was it that enticed him the most after rebirth?</p> 
<p>It was no doubt Yi Tian Mountain, under which was buried the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, and the suppressed rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie.</p> 
<p>The significance of the latter to Fang Yuan did not need to be said.</p> 
<p>"Although last time, this rank eight Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie had actually leaped out, getting rid of Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage's suppression, as long as I can successfully refine the Immortal Gu House and become its new owner, I can continue to suppress him!"</p> 
<p>"If I can obtain Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage..." Fang Yuan licked his lips as he thought of this.</p> 
<p>An Immortal Gu House was no small matter!</p> 
<p>Immortal Gu Houses and ancient battle formations, they were the highest achievements of formation path.</p> 
<p>Among them, ancient battle formations were gradually eliminated over the course of time, and Immortal Gu Houses had become mainstream.</p> 
<p>Whether it be Southern Border, Northern Plains, Eastern Sea, Western Desert or Central Continent, all powerful super forces had at least one Immortal Gu House as their trump card. Like Hei tribe, Dark Prison was their symbol as well as a powerful trump card!</p> 
<p>In Fang Yuan's previous life, after Dark Prison had been lost, to seize it back, even the four supreme elders of Hei tribe had risked going out and chasing Hei Cheng.</p> 
<p>Dark Prison was only a rank six Immortal Gu House and Hei tribe had been so anxious to take it back.</p> 
<p>The significance of Immortal Gu Houses could be seen from this.</p> 
<p>And Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, which was buried deep under Yi Tian Mountain, was not only of higher rank than Dark Prison, a mysterious Gu Immortal had used its power to forcibly challenge someone of a higher rank and succeeded in suppressing a rank eight expert, one who furthermore possessed the Great Strength True Martial Physique!</p> 
<p>The value of Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage was clearly many times higher than Dark Prison!</p> 
<p>"Thinking back to my previous life, the Profound Ice House used by Shark Demon and Su Bai Man was only an incomplete Immortal Gu House, but it could repeatedly break through the hindrance of the battlefield killer moves and escape. If I can obtain this Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, even if I can't reach the level of moving unhindered in the world, in the future, when the truth is exposed and I am hunted down by Central Continent, Northern Plains and others, I can protect myself and intimidate other immortals!"</p> 
<p>An Immortal Gu House was a fortress for battle, it did not have any shortcomings and covered all aspects of attack, defense, movement, healing and even assistance in cultivation.</p> 
<p>It was structurally stable, and was easy to control.</p> 
<p>A rank seven Immortal Gu House could be controlled by a rank six Gu Immortal as well.</p> 
<p>However, Immortal Gu Houses had two major flaws, one was feeding and the second was immortal essence.</p> 
<p>An Immortal Gu House was constructed from many Immortal Gu and vast numbers of mortal Gu, feeding these Gu worms was naturally extremely troublesome and a huge burden.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan knew that Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage seemed to involve food path in its construction, and the feeding problem could be disregarded.</p> 
<p>Next was the immortal essence.</p> 
<p>To activate an Immortal Gu House, the amount of immortal essence consumed would be a gigantic number. Just with Fang Yuan's capability, he would not be able to bear it.</p> 
<p>In his previous life, when Shark Demon had no choice but to activate Profound Ice House, all the immortal zombies had to share the burden of immortal essence consumption, and the amount of consumption had greatly distressed everyone.</p> 
<p>The price to activate an Immortal Gu House was huge.</p> 
<p>Because the amount of immortal essence consumed was extremely high.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was now in a poor state, he had staked it all and used up all his assets to barely be able to gather one set of immortal materials for refining change form Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>And now, he had failed the refinement, losing most of the immortal materials, he had little money in possession.</p> 
<p>Even though he had many rich income sources like the guts Gu trade, earning a thousand immortal essence stones every month, half of a year of accumulating this income would not be enough to activate the Immortal Gu House for even thirty seconds.</p> 
<p>But none of these mattered!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had very little green grape immortal essence, but he had large amounts of Giant Sun's immortal essence!</p> 
<p>This could be traced back to Imperial Court blessed land.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was rank nine, the immortal essence he had left behind was the yellow apricot immortal essence that only rank nine venerables could form. The quality of this immortal essence was countless times greater than green grape immortal essence, the difference between the two was like the gap between heaven and earth.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's immortal essence could not be used by Fang Yuan himself, but the Immortal Gu House could absorb it.</p> 
<p>Immortal Gu Houses could absorb immortal essence of others, otherwise Shark Demon and the other immortal zombies would not be able to combine their powers to activate Profound Ice House.</p> 
<p>This was the fundamental characteristic of Immortal Gu House — integrating the power of a group of immortals into one!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had thought of this in his previous life.</p> 
<p>As far as he was concerned, Giant Sun's immortal essence was like water with a source or a tree without roots, the more it was used, the more it would be consumed, and it could not be replenished.</p> 
<p>Thus, the even more economical method was to gather many Gu Immortals to serve as a source of labor in activating the Immortal Gu House.</p> 
<p>Unfortunately, the Southern Border Gu Immortals had died too quickly.</p> 
<p>Or one could say Fang Yuan was not able to make it in time.</p> 
<p>Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage had yet to be refined by anyone when the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie had broken out.</p> 
<p>This was a huge pity.</p> 
<p>"If I have Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, I could resist even that beam of life that was about to kill me!" Fang Yuan had confidence.</p> 
<p>Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage naturally was not Heaven Overseeing Tower's match, but Heaven Overseeing Tower's condition was not optimum, that light pillar's might had been reduced after being whittled down by the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation.</p> 
<p>With Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, although he could not say 'with a house in hand, the world is mine', it was enough to say 'with a house in hand, advancing or retreating is up to me.'</p> 
<p>'With a house in hand, the world is mine', the rank eight Eighty-Eight True Yang Building could be said to be one such example, it was specialized in plundering Gu worms, even Immortal Gu. The rank eight Refinement Cauldron was another one.</p> 
<p>Compared to the Immortal Gu House Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage, self strength Immortal Gu, all-out effort Immortal Gu, star thought Immortal Gu, all of them seemed unimportant.</p> 
<p>As long as he had the Immortal Gu House, with Giant Sun's immortal essence, Fang Yuan could use his rank six bottom tier cultivation level and immortal zombie body to forcibly fight rank eights, directly becoming one of the strongest experts!</p> 
<p>"Just thinking about it gives me a bit of excitement." Fang Yuan carefully inspected his surroundings, and after confirming there was no one around, he immediately drilled into the ground, entering deep into the earth.</p>
    </body>
</html>
