<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 793: Myriad Star Fireflies versus Band of Experts</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 793: Myriad Star Fireflies versus Band of Experts</h1>
        
        <p>"Dong Fang Yu Liang? Am I seeing wrongly?"</p> 
<p>"How did he become a Gu Immortal? It seems that this heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity was caused by him."</p> 
<p>"Becoming an immortal on the spot, was that Dong Fang Chang Fan's inheritance? Sigh, a mortal actually snatched it!"</p> 
<p>The demonic path Gu Immortals saw Dong Fang Chang Fan and were very shocked, they felt some dejection and sadness.</p> 
<p>'Dong Fang Yu Liang' was expressionless, there was no pupils or whites in his eyes, they were completely shining with many different colored crystalline lights, flickering continuously.</p> 
<p>He had this gaze while observing the demonic path Gu Immortals around him, saying softly: "You are the people who want to snatch my master's inheritance? What gives you the guts to attack a righteous path super force?"</p> 
<p>After Dong Fang Chang Fan succeeded in his possession, but he did not expose the truth, he still spoke as if he was Dong Fang Yu Liang, with his voice.</p> 
<p>The demonic path Gu Immortals were in a dejected state, filled with great grievance, now that they heard Dong Fang Yu Liang's arrogant words, their faces turned ugly, some scoffed while others shouted: "You mere junior, you have just become an immortal, after ascending in one step, you are arrogant! Here, take my hammer!"</p> 
<p>As he said so, a figure flew out from among the crowd.</p> 
<p>This demonic path Gu Immortal had broad shoulders and a thick waist, there was a flying heavenly boar underneath him, its fat legs were running quickly, as it carried its owner towards Dong Fang Yu Liang in an imposing manner.</p> 
<p>It was Zhuo Zhan.</p> 
<p>The immortals jolted, reacting to what had happened.</p> 
<p>"This Zhuo Zhan is so crafty, he is trying to pick up a bargain!"</p> 
<p>"We were almost deterred by the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, but even if Dong Fang Yu Liang became an immortal, he is a newbie. What is there to be afraid of?"</p> 
<p>"Capture Dong Fang Yu Liang alive, and interrogate the wisdom path inheritance from him!!"</p> 
<p>The demonic path Gu Immortals moved quickly, charging towards 'Dong Fang Yu Liang', fearing that they would be left behind.</p> 
<p>Unfettered Scholar was among them.</p> 
<p>Only Fang Yuan and a few other people did not move, they remained in their places.</p> 
<p>He did not know that Dong Fang Yu Liang's body was already possessed by Dong Fang Chang Fan, but he was wary of Old Lord Can Yang.</p> 
<p>"Dong Fang Yu Liang appeared, but where is Old Lord Can Yang?"</p> 
<p>Old Lord Can Yang was actually standing behind 'Dong Fang Yu Liang', but he used an immortal technique and concealed himself. His method was superb, none of the demonic path immortals sensed him.</p> 
<p>But he was quite injured, seeing the immortals charging over, he transmitted to 'Dong Fang Yu Liang': "Do you need my help?"</p> 
<p>'Dong Fang Yu Liang' quickly rejected him: "You do not need to do anything, let me deal with them!"</p> 
<p>Once Old Lord Can Yang attacked, if he was exposed, Northern Plains' Gu Immortals would realize that 'Dong Fang Yu Liang' was colluding with Central Continent's forces. By then, not only would 'Dong Fang Yu Liang' get ostracized by the righteous path, even the demonic path would not welcome him.</p> 
<p>In addition, 'Dong Fang Yu Liang' wanted to single-handedly showcase a heavy crippling of his enemies. That was the only way he could rise up after the death of eight Dong Fang tribe Gu Immortals, to allow Dong Fang tribe to once again become a force to be reckoned with!</p> 
<p>Zhuo Zhan led the way, he was getting closer, Dong Fang Yu Liang could see the sinister smile on his face.</p> 
<p>Behind him, more than ten demonic path Gu Immortals were charging with killing intent.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang was all alone, his cultivation level was only at the bottom of rank six, but he was neither flustered nor scared.</p> 
<p>His lips curled up, he showed a mild smile as if he was in complete control of the situation.</p> 
<p>Old Lord Can Yang who was behind him looked on with much curiosity, he wanted to see how he could repel his foes with his current cultivation level.</p> 
<p>Only to see that Dong Fang Yu Liang raised his right arm, his white sleeves were pulled back as his right index finger pointed at the sky, he spoke loudly and leisurely, word by word: "Myriad. Star. Fireflies."</p> 
<p>The immortals heard this and their advancement halted, their expressions changed.</p> 
<p>Myriad star fireflies was well known in the world of Northern Plains Gu Immortals, it was Dong Fang Chang Fan's strongest killer move.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Chang Fan was known as the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, that was not just because of his deductions alone, there was also his battle strength!</p> 
<p>Without stunning battle strength, how could he stand firm in the turbulent Northern Plains? Without immense power, how could he lead Dong Fang tribe on the road to success?</p> 
<p>Thus, in terms of battle strength, Dong Fang Chang Fan easily surpassed Pi Shui Han and Unfettered Scholar during his life. After all, he was the first supreme elder of a righteous path super force!</p> 
<p>The wisdom path killer move, myriad star fireflies, was the greatest display of Dong Fang Chang Fan's battle strength. This move was extremely famous, it was ingrained into the hearts of Northern Plains Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>"Don't listen to his bluff! Myriad star fireflies involves tens of thousands of Gu worms, can it be activated so easily?" Zhuo Zhan shouted.</p> 
<p>"He is just a newbie Gu Immortal, he has just ascended and gone beyond the mortal stage, how can he manipulate so many Gu worms immediately?" Lu Qing Ming snickered.</p> 
<p>"Wishful thinking!" Divine Lord Tian Du held his Immortal Gu as he prepared to strike.</p> 
<p>"Hmph, myriad star fireflies, I lost to that move back then. I wonder how much of its power you can use?" Unfettered Scholar's expression flashed with rage.</p> 
<p>"Are we really doing nothing?" Hei Lou Lan's heart was pounding in excitement, but Fang Yuan was a great strength amongst them, after Hei Lou Lan lost self strength Immortal Gu, her battle strength was weaker than before.</p> 
<p>"Wait a while longer, the situation is not right." Fang Yuan wanted to speak of what he had found out earlier, but the sky suddenly changed.</p> 
<p>Earlier, the clouds had dispersed, the surroundings were entirely clear skies. But now, darkness descended as the world turned dim.</p> 
<p>Darkness surrounded the surroundings, countless firefly-like spots of light appeared in the sky, dancing as they moved around.</p> 
<p>Starlight burst out, it was a brilliant and dazzling sight!</p> 
<p>"Myriad star fireflies!!" The demonic path Gu Immortals' expressions changed, they shouted as they were fell into the midst of the star fireflies.</p> 
<p>Starlight was glowing and reflected on their faces.</p> 
<p>Unfettered Scholar's expression was pale, this was truly myriad star fireflies, it seemed even stronger than in his memories!</p> 
<p>But how could this be possible?</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang had just became an immortal, right? Even if he had Dong Fang Chang Fan's star will, and could use rank seven red date immortal essence left behind by Dong Fang Chang Fan, this was the first time he was activating myriad star fireflies, how could he be so familiar with it, like he had practiced it a thousand times?</p> 
<p>Unfettered Scholar could not understand it.</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortals around him were in a more pathetic state.</p> 
<p>The surrounding specks of starlight were attacking them from all directions.</p> 
<p>One starlight speck was not powerful, but with tens of thousands of starlight specks? Hundreds of thousands, millions, tens of millions of starlight spots?</p> 
<p>Especially when each of the starlight specks had a star thought in them.</p> 
<p>Even if the Gu Immortals destroyed the starlight specks, the star thoughts would come out and force their way into the Gu Immortals' minds.</p> 
<p>Even if the Gu Immortals had defensive methods, the starlight specks were endless and nearly unlimited in numbers, they were bound to fail eventually. Once star thoughts find an opportunity and enter their minds, that would be dangerous.</p> 
<p>The least they could do was to disrupt one's thoughts, the worst they could do was to destroy the person's thoughts, causing them to become slow-witted, or if all the thoughts in their mind were star thoughts, they would be subdued completely. The star thoughts would replace their cognition, and the Gu Immortal would become Dong Fang Yu Liang's puppet, manipulated at will!</p> 
<p>"What are you doing?!" Beside Zhuo Zhan, a demonic path Gu Immortal shouted angrily.</p> 
<p>Zhuo Zhan's face was turning purplish-red: "Sorry, my attack changed directions all of a sudden!"</p> 
<p>"Hmph! With your ability, you want to snatch the wisdom path inheritance? In such a short time, you already got invaded by the star thoughts. You are really more of a trouble than help!" The demonic path Gu Immortal was nearly hit, he was extremely angry.</p> 
<p>"What did you say? Do you dare to say it again?!" Zhuo Zhan was furious too, he shouted at the demonic path Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>"Enough, are you still fighting amongst yourselves? The important thing now is to escape. This is myriad star fireflies, the longer we stay here, the more dangerous it is." A Gu Immortal said anxiously.</p> 
<p>Another Gu Immortal immediately rebuked: "Escape? What are you afraid of? He is only a bottom tier rank six Gu Immortal, we have so many people, and Lord Unfettered Scholar, why are you afraid to this extent? In my opinion, we should just attack!"</p> 
<p>Everyone was hesitant on whether to retreat or advance, they subconsciously looked towards Unfettered Scholar.</p> 
<p>Pi Shui Han had already escaped, Fang Yuan was far away, Unfettered Scholar was the only rank seven battle strength here, he was their shepherd.</p> 
<p>It was not that everyone acknowledged Unfettered Scholar as the leader, but in times of difficulty, the strong would handle the greater dangers.</p> 
<p>Unfettered Scholar was their 'strong' person, by moving alongside an expert, they would have a greater chance of surviving.</p> 
<p>Unfettered Scholar himself was hesitant.</p> 
<p>He and Dong Fang Chang Fan had fought before, back then, he lost to this move, myriad star fireflies.</p> 
<p>After losing in battle, he learned from his painful lesson, focusing more attention on information regarding Dong Fang Chang Fan, thus his understanding of myriad star fireflies was much deeper than that of other people.</p> 
<p>He knew that myriad star fireflies was a wisdom path killer move, it had immense power, and was created by Dong Fang Chang Fan singlehandedly.</p> 
<p>The weakness of this move was hard to discover.</p> 
<p>At the moment, Unfettered Scholar only knew this: Once a person enters the range of this move, they would be plotted against. Each of the Gu Immortal's thoughts could produce star thoughts.</p> 
<p>These star thoughts were formed by myriad star fireflies to turn into starlight specks, attacking the Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>During an intense battle, Gu Immortals would have to consider many things, as their minds worked rapidly, they would create more star thoughts.</p> 
<p>The more star thoughts produced, the stronger the killer move becomes, especially when there are more Gu Immortals in the range, the star thoughts produced would be even greater. When the star thoughts completely took over the Gu Immortals' minds, they would turn into Dong Fang Yu Liang's puppets, fighting for him.</p> 
<p>Even if it could not reach that stage, being influenced by the star thoughts, mistakes would occur. Like earlier, when Zhuo Zhan almost injured an ally.</p> 
<p>Thus, myriad star fireflies was a move well suited to deal with multiple enemies, it was weaker when fighting one enemy. Against more people, they would be used to restrain each other, the battle might instead be easier to win.</p> 
<p>The reason Dong Fang Chang Fan created this move was because he had tried to develop Dong Fang tribe singlehandedly. Without many Gu Immortals in his tribe to help him, he often had to fight many enemies alone.</p> 
<p>But after Dong Fang Chang Fan created this move, he no longer feared group fights.</p> 
<p>"The current scenario is what Dong Fang Yu Liang most wants to see. We have many people and are not united, everyone is wary of each other, and we have barely any elites, I am the only rank seven. In a fight, we will become hindrances to each other. Not only that, from the battle earlier, there also seems to be a fire path Gu Immortal hiding here."</p> 
<p>Unfettered Scholar thought rapidly in his mind, starlight specks appeared around him, he had much more of them compared to other people.</p> 
<p>Given such concerns, Unfettered Scholar did not feel like retreating, instead, his battle intent was roused!</p> 
<p>"I lost to Dong Fang Chang Fan, that was the greatest humiliation in my life. Now that I am facing his successor, if I retreat, how will I face myself afterwards? Even if they have a hidden Gu Immortal, we also have many people. If I retreat instead of fighting, which Gu Immortal in Northern Plains would look up to me in the future?"</p>
    </body>
</html>
