<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 664: Bountiful Harvest</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 664: Bountiful Harvest</h1>
        
        <p>After successfully coming to an agreement with Lang Ya land spirit, Fang Yuan breathed out a sigh of relief.</p> 
<p>This transaction was simply too crucial, the profits would be the key for Fang Yuan to break free of his current problematic situation.</p> 
<p>Although he knew of many ways to earn immortal essence stones from his previous life's memories, these methods needed time and planning, or involved great risk.</p> 
<p>The deal with Lang Ya land spirit was the only one with little risk, coupled with high rewards.</p> 
<p>After thinking about it for a while, Fang Yuan left the cloud path Immortal Gu, Rising Azure Cloud, in Lang Ya blessed land as the collateral of the deal.</p> 
<p>Rising Azure Cloud was a movement type Gu, Fang Yuan did not lack a movement Immortal Gu, he already had Worldly Wave Trace. The latter was suited for water path Gu Immortals, its effect was greater when used in an environment that had rivers, lakes, or the sea. Meanwhile, Rising Azure Cloud's strong point was in ascending and descending, its normal movement speed across places was slower than Worldly Wave Trace.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan only cared about practical use, to him, Worldly Wave Trace was much more useful.</p> 
<p>That night in northern plains, Fang Yuan returned to Hu Immortal blessed land alone, while Tai Bai Yun Sheng stayed in Lang Ya blessed land.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was very satisfied with this trip.</p> 
<p>Although he consumed one bead of green grape immortal essence, under that situation, without knowing the real circumstances inside Lang Ya blessed land, he needed to quickly defeat the swamp crab and gain the initiative of the situation.</p> 
<p>Immortal essence was indeed precious, but it should be used when needed. Immortal essence that was not used had zero value!</p> 
<p>Not mentioning one bead of green grape immortal essence, even if he had to use eight or ten, Fang Yuan would use them without hesitation if needed.</p> 
<p>He concluded that this time, he put in little investment, but made huge gains.</p> 
<p>Firstly, he took back Fixed Immortal Travel.</p> 
<p>The return of Fixed Immortal Travel was an extremely pleasant surprise. With Fixed Immortal Travel, Fang Yuan could cross the regional barriers, he could step into all five regions. Using the advantage of his rebirth, he could set up schemes everywhere, obtaining the biggest benefits.</p> 
<p>Even at worst, if Immortal Crane Sect breaks into Hu Immortal blessed land and destroys it, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng could retreat while bringing along Dang Hun mountain and wisdom Gu.</p> 
<p>They could attack if they progressed, and defend if they retreated.</p> 
<p>Although Fixed Immortal Travel was a rank six movement Immortal Gu, it gave Fang Yuan the greatest advantage in this situation.</p> 
<p>Rising Azure Cloud and Worldly Wave Trace added together could not achieve something like this.</p> 
<p>At this point, Fang Yuan felt his pressure reducing.</p> 
<p>Secondly, he had formed the Snowy Mountain alliance with Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan had the Great Strength True Martial Physique, one of the ten extremes, she had huge potential and once she advances into an immortal, her battle strength would be terrifying.</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan was a famous character in northern plains, on one hand, she was the third leader of Snowy Mountain blessed land, but on the other hand, she had a wide range of friendly relationships, and had dealings with many of northern plains' righteous path Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>There were scumbags and weirdos among righteous path Gu Immortals, and the demonic path even more so had its outliers. Every conflict originates from benefits, the righteous and demonic paths were not just enemies out to kill each other. They also cooperated, made transactions, and even worked together secretly.</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan had the mountain pledge Immortal Gu, this Gu was the reason why she was so popular with everyone.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Chang Fan had created an alliance with the righteous forces, he needed mountain pledge Gu. Demonic path Gu Immortals were even more suspicious of each other, such a huge organisation like Snowy Mountain blessed land could be built all because of the foundation of mountain pledge Gu.</p> 
<p>Because the alliance created using mountain pledge Gu could not be broken, this was the key to gaining the trust of demonic path Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan allied with them because on one hand, he could gain powerful assistance, while on the other hand, he could settle his biggest problem of not getting timely updates about information in the world.</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan had wide connections, it was much easier for her to gain information compared to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>And thirdly, Fang Yuan obtained the information of four Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>He had snatched them when destroying the formless fists, they were Cleanse Soul, Rising Azure Cloud, Woman's Heart, and Connect Luck.</p> 
<p>In terms of value, starting from the lowest, the first would be Rising Azure Cloud. To Fang Yuan, this Gu had the least value, he was exerting its greatest use by leaving with Lang Ya land spirit as collateral.</p> 
<p>Poison path Immortal Gu Woman's Heart, a one time expenditure Gu that combined refinement and nurturing, it had slightly greater value. Generally speaking, these one time use Gu had powerful effects, like the Immortal Gu Gruel Mud.</p> 
<p>Above Woman's Heart was Immortal Gu Cleanse Soul. Cleanse Soul could refine the soul, its effect was far greater than Fang Yuan's wolf soul Gu. Fang Yuan had guts Gu, it was easy to strengthen his soul. Before he enters Luo Po valley, Immortal Gu Cleanse Soul would be the best replacement..</p> 
<p>In addition, Cleanse Soul was the core Gu of the killer move myriad self. This had even greater value.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan made an evaluation, if he did not use the killer move myriad self, his battle strength was lower than ordinary rank six Gu Immortals. But once he used this killer move, his battle strength surged, he would be equivalent to a first rate rank six Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>Of course, compared to Fang Yuan's blood path battle strength in his previous life, he was still weaker.</p> 
<p>In Fang Yuan's previous life, he was a demonic path overlord, at the peak of rank six, and was only a step away from rank seven. His battle strength was truly fearsome, he was at the top of rank six, he even had the shocking battle result of winning twice against ordinary rank seven Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Last was connect luck Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>This luck path Immortal Gu was unexpectedly Fang Yuan's greatest gain! Its value even surpassed Cleanse Soul.</p> 
<p>Even though Cleanse Soul was myriad self's core, it was not irreplaceable.</p> 
<p>But the importance of connect luck Immortal Gu, to Fang Yuan, was simply unique!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's first vital Gu was Spring Autumn Cicada. This Immortal Gu was the cause of his rise, without this mystical Gu, he would not have reached this stage. But at the same time, this Gu had always been dragging him down.</p> 
<p>Be it the pressure towards his aperture, or Spring Autumn Cicada's weakness — the constantly low luck of the user, it gave huge problems to Fang Yuan, and even resulted in many fatal crises.</p> 
<p>If not for Fang Yuan's ability and ruthless personality, coupled with his many methods, ordinary people in his place would have died long ago.</p> 
<p>Spring Autumn Cicada was Fang Yuan's trump card, but it was also his greatest flaw.</p> 
<p>With connect luck Immortal Gu now, it could resolve Spring Autumn Cicada's luck flaw.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit had provided many uses for the connect luck Immortal Gu, the best way was to use other luck path Immortal Gu along with it, using them together to link the Gu Master's luck to a famous mountain or river, an immemorial desolate beast, or even blessed lands and grotto-heaven. These existences have boundless and long lived luck, they were not easy to destroy.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan was not going to use this method.</p> 
<p>Because he could not, he only had one luck path Immortal Gu, he could not use it with other luck path Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's method was: To use connect luck Immortal Gu to link his luck with other people's luck.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit had earlier said: A person's luck was like a tide, its rises and falls were uncertain. In connecting your luck to others, you had to be careful, otherwise the user would be dragged down at times. If this was used with break luck Gu, it would expend precious immortal essence, and it would also force the user to be on constant alert.</p> 
<p>But this weakness was non-existent to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Why?</p> 
<p>Because he was someone who was reborn using Spring Autumn Cicada!</p> 
<p>He knew who the lucky, famous, or extremely successful people were of this generation, he even knew what their achievements would be, and when their downfalls would occur.</p> 
<p>"I can totally use my previous life's memories to find these future important people, and use connect luck Gu to link my luck with them. Since I have Spring Autumn Cicada, my luck will always be abysmal, after connecting our lucks, the one taking advantage will always be me."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought about this and recognised the great advantage that Fixed Immortal Travel gave him even more clearly.</p> 
<p>If not for Fixed Immortal Travel, he would not be able to freely move between the five regions, where would he have time to travel far and wide to look for those people who were currently still nobodies.</p> 
<p>The final gain from this trip were the three Immortal Gu remnant recipes he brought back from Lang Ya blessed land.</p> 
<p>These Immortal Gu recipes had very high completion rates, they were ninety percent and above, there was even one piece with ninety-nine percent completion rate!</p> 
<p>After resting for a while, Fang Yuan arrived at the underground cave.</p> 
<p>Deducing an Immortal Gu recipe had too many elements to consider, the wills created by mortal Gu were definitely insufficient, Fang Yuan had no hesitation, he activated delight in water and mountain Gu.</p> 
<p>He decided to do the easy one first, to settle the remnant recipe with ninety-nine percent!</p> 
<p>At the same time, in Lang Ya blessed land.</p> 
<p>"Lang Ya land spirit, what do you think of my restoration?" Tai Bai Yun Sheng's hands were behind his back, he stood before Lang Ya land spirit and the Inkman King.</p> 
<p>Inkman King saw the restored cloud soil as amazement shone in his eyes uncontrollably.</p> 
<p>Earlier, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had taken the initiative to stay behind, when he had suggested to heal Lang Ya blessed land, he did not see much hope. But to think that Tai Bai Yun Sheng did such a great job, the effect was out of his expectations!</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit assessed Tai Bai Yun Sheng for a while, saying: "To think that at such a young age, you are quite impressive. How did you do it?"</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng laughed bitterly, he was old and had white hair, to hear someone call him young was a really peculiar and weird experience.</p> 
<p>He took out landscape as before Immortal Gu, displaying it before the two of them, and introducing it clearly.</p> 
<p>Inkman King praised loudly: "To think that there is such an amazing Immortal Gu. With this Immortal Gu, we can restore the blessed land's terrain and river flow, it can greatly reduce the losses caused by heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities! This Immortal Gu's value is immense!"</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit was also interested: "I have heard of this Immortal Gu, it once belonged to Immortal Jiu Hui. Immortal Jiu Hui had inherited a certain true inheritance from Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, not only did he have Landscape as Before, he also had Man as Before. I have not seen this Gu of yours personally! Let me research it, it is bound to give me new inspiration, I will give you five immortal essence stones as compensation."</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit had many businesses, he was very rich and did not lack immortal essence stones.</p> 
<p>"Five immortal essence stones..." Tai Bai Yun Sheng hesitated before rejecting and shaking his head.</p> 
<p>Immortal Gu were one's personal secrets, they should not be exposed easily.</p> 
<p>But Tai Bai Yun Sheng, for the sake of his future, learned from Fairy Li Shan and had no choice but to expose landscape as before Immortal Gu. How could he hand this to Lang Ya land spirit? He said he would research, but what if he ruins it during the process?</p> 
<p>Seeing that Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not agree, Lang Ya land spirit was very disappointed, but he still footed the bill: "You restored all the cloud soil for me, according to our deal, this is three immortal essence stones."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng waved his hand and rejected: "I will not accept these three immortal essence stones. When Fang Yuan comes to hand in the recipe, give it to him along with his compensation."</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit was stunned, before laughing wildly: "What? Don't tell me you believe that the rascal can really succeed and complete the recipe? Hahaha, do you know how many years these recipes have troubled me? Especially that recipe at ninety-nine percent completion rate, even my main body could not finish it!"</p>
    </body>
</html>
