<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 906: Yellow Spring Sea Area, Undying Kingdom</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 906: Yellow Spring Sea Area, Undying Kingdom</h1>
        
        <p>They had unraveled fighting soul battlefield, but because of the battlefield killer move eight doors labyrinth, Shark Demon and the group had no choice but to temporarily retreat from Yu Lu blessed land.</p> 
<p>After parting with the other wisdom path Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng followed Shark Demon and Su Bai Man to shark sea where they were hosted to a banquet.</p> 
<p>"Brother Xing Xiang, I wonder how much assurance you have in deciphering eight doors labyrinth?" In the banquet, Shark Demon asked.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's expression slightly changed as he heavily shook his head: "I am ashamed, I don't have the least bit of assurance."</p> 
<p>"Even you don't have any assurance?" Su Bai Man said with disappointment.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan mumbled: "If I could refine a certain wisdom path Immortal Gu, I would have thirty percent assurance. Unfortunately, although I have been trying with all my efforts to gather the immortal materials, I am still far away from the standard to refine Immortal Gu. Refining Immortal Gu is... really hard!"</p> 
<p>Shark Demon's eyes slightly brightened at Fang Yuan's words, but soon dimmed.</p> 
<p>He had cooperated with Xing Xiang Zi not only once, and knew ins and outs of Fang Yuan; Fang Yuan indeed lacked wisdom path immortal killer moves.</p> 
<p>While unraveling the battlefield killer move this time, Shark Demon also learned several things.</p> 
<p>Big Bag Lu Tan Xin and the demonic path Gu Immortal Ninth Ghost Finger could not match Fang Yuan in wisdom path methods. There was no need to even mention Bo Dan. Xie Shu Fang, on the contrary, was truly skilled, far surpassing Fang Yuan, but she was a righteous path Gu Immortal and not to mention that she could not fit in with Shark Demon's group, her appetite was too big.</p> 
<p>In this trip, Shark Demon and the group did not even get anything, but Xie Shu Fang obtained an Immortal Gu, gaining the biggest profit.</p> 
<p>No matter how open-minded Shark Demon was, he felt extreme loss from losing an Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Although they unraveled fighting soul battlefield, they held a poor impression of Xie Shu Fang, it was only that they suppressed it and did not mention it. With Shark Demon's personality, he would get back at her for this, sooner or later.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was observing Shark Demon's expression, seeing the latter's eyes brighten before dimming, he sighed and said gently: "I won't hide it from the two of you, my wisdom path inheritance is complete, if I have that wisdom path Immortal Gu, I can use several powerful immortal killer moves and my strength will definitely rise greatly. Even if I can't match Xie Shu Fang, the gap won't be too big."</p> 
<p>Shark Demon nodded and talked about other things, not continuing this topic.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had not fully expressed himself before he was interrupted, but how could Shark Demon not understand Fang Yuan's meaning?</p> 
<p>'The hidden implication of Xing Xiang Zi's words is to make me sponsor him in refining that wisdom path Immortal Gu. But I will suffer greatly in this transaction, it is okay if the refinement succeeds, but if it fails, all the investment would be gone to waste, that will just be adding to my misfortunes.'</p> 
<p>Shark Demon pondered, and denied the thought of helping Fang Yuan refine Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>In fact, the pressure on him recently was huge.</p> 
<p>To invade Yu Lu blessed land, he and Su Bai Man had invested large amounts of energy and wealth, but up to this point, there were few results. On this attempt too, they had paid quite a lot to invite three wisdom path assistants.</p> 
<p>Even if Shark Demon and Su Bai Man were veteran experts with deep foundations, their accumulation was showing signs of being exhausted right now.</p> 
<p>Refining Immortal Gu might just be sending themselves into a bottomless pit. Unless it was the only choice left, Shark Demon absolutely would not choose this option.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan felt slight regret about Shark Demon's stance, but he had already predicted it and did not feel any disappointment.</p> 
<p>He had used up most of his immortal essence stones to relocate the blessed land. With his current financial ability, he required a long time before he could gather enough immortal materials for refining star thought Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>"It doesn't matter that Shark Demon did not take the bait, the main thing is still to join Zombie Alliance." Fang Yuan did not forget his current main goal.</p> 
<p>Shark Demon also wanted Fang Yuan to join Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance.</p> 
<p>The reason?</p> 
<p>Because once Fang Yuan joined Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance, he would be on Shark Demon and Su Bai Man's side. Like this, with Zombie Alliance's alliance restrictions, Shark Demon could more conveniently and more assuredly use Fang Yuan the next time they attacked Yu Lu blessed land.</p> 
<p>This would be of great help to Shark Demon's present development plan.</p> 
<p>Helping Xing Xiang Zi was helping himself, so after the shark fishing banquet, Shark Demon brought Fang Yuan to Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance's headquarters.</p> 
<p>Two days later.</p> 
<p>Shark Demon and Fang Yuan were flying quickly.</p> 
<p>"This is yellow spring sea area." Shark Demon pointed at the sea below, and introduced.</p> 
<p>In fact, there was no need for his indication, as Fang Yuan was already looking at the special sea below him.</p> 
<p>The seawater of the yellow spring sea area was yellow in color, like the sea was mixed with dirt and sand. Waves billowed, moving up and down the sea.</p> 
<p>But in fact, there was no sand floating on the yellow spring sea area, the seawater by itself had a light yellow color.</p> 
<p>"Yellow spring sea area is an extremely special sea area. As you get closer to the center of the sea area, you will find there are no living creatures, this is the largest zombie farming area in the five regions." Shark Demon introduced.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan nodded and used investigative methods, his vision increased sharply, penetrating the sea surface towards the depths.</p> 
<p>He saw countless skeletons floating inside the sea, large numbers of zombie fish groups, zombie cuttlefish, jellyfish, sea turtles, and so on, moving in the sea, and constantly fighting each other.</p> 
<p>In the seabed lived grayish white decomposed corals which gave off intense stenches that pervaded the surrounding seawater. Strands of seaweed, drifting with the water flow, were deathly pale, like nooses used to hang people.</p> 
<p>"Over these two days, we used four undercurrents, and flew for a day and half, going past ten sea areas before we reached this yellow spring sea area where Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance's headquarters lies. Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance is indeed the main headquarters of the zombie alliances over the five regions, to be able to grasp such a large territory in Eastern Sea." Fang Yuan sincerely exclaimed.</p> 
<p>Shark Demon laughed heartily: "The Zombie Alliance branches in the other four regions are weaker, but this here in Eastern Sea is the headquarters of Zombie Alliance, it is powerful and prosperous, and can surpass other super forces. Brother Xing Xiang, joining this powerful force is a sensible decision!"</p> 
<p>Different from Northern Plains Zombie Alliance's Dark Flow Giant City, Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance possessed a public blessed land which they used as their headquarters.</p> 
<p>This public blessed land, located in the center of the yellow spring sea area, was known as the 'Undying Kingdom' in the world of Eastern Sea Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Under Shark Demon's guidance, Fang Yuan smoothly entered Undying Kingdom blessed land.</p> 
<p>Unlike Fang Yuan's estimation, Undying Kingdom blessed land was a scene full of life, filled with the twittering of birds and fragrance of flowers.</p> 
<p>This formed a stark contrast with the death energy and putrefaction of immortal zombies.</p> 
<p>"Since immortal zombies are already among the living dead, their immortal apertures turns into dead lands, how could you raise such a large public blessed land? Could it be from the blessed lands of living Gu Immortals members of Zombie Alliance?" Fang Yuan was puzzled.</p> 
<p>Shark Demon laughed: "Xing Xiang Zi, you can be at ease. Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance has never forcibly demanded any living Gu Immortal, that wants to join Zombie Alliance, to offer a part of their immortal aperture. Naturally, Zombie Alliance encourages you to offer part of your blessed land by providing large amounts of rewards. You will see this once you look at the assignments in the inner hall."</p> 
<p>"Most of the Undying Kingdom blessed land still came from immortal zombies. Or to put it more accurately, it came from those old Gu Immortals whose lifespan is ending and are planning to turn into immortal zombies to prolong their lives, or for various other reasons. Do you know why this blessed land is called Undying Kingdom? It is because Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance has unique methods to merge pieces of blessed lands to preserve and maintain their vitality."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's eyes brightened, showing an extremely interested expression.</p> 
<p>Shark Demon was observing his expression, and laughed: "Xing Xiang Zi, are you also interested in this method? Hehehe, that's right. Our Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance has already gained some success from countless predecessors' studies and accumulations — on how to maintain the vitality of the immortal aperture while not causing any change to the immortal zombie body."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's heart thumped loudly, he had always been thinking of how to revive and get rid of his immortal zombie body.</p> 
<p>Why?</p> 
<p>It was because an immortal zombie's immortal aperture was a dead land and had no potential to progress in cultivation.</p> 
<p>However, now, as Fang Yuan heard Shark Demon's words, his thoughts towards reviving had another change.</p> 
<p>'The reason I am trying to be free of an immortal zombie body and revive is for my immortal aperture to be full of life and to progress in cultivation. But if I could truly maintain the vitality of the immortal aperture as an immortal zombie, and have the possibility to improve, then wouldn't it be making the best of both worlds?'</p> 
<p>To be an immortal zombie was to be among the living dead with no limit to lifespan, and could be considered as another form of longevity.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was using this advantage to continuously step into the wisdom light halo, greatly improving his capabilities.</p> 
<p>But if Fang Yuan revived into a living person, his lifespan would sharply reduce under the light of wisdom and he would only be able to use wisdom Gu for a number of times.</p> 
<p>The immortal zombie body had advantages and disadvantages.</p> 
<p>But even if Fang Yuan had wisdom Gu, the disadvantages still outweighed the advantages.</p> 
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan had been looking for a way to revive all along.</p> 
<p>'If I can truly maintain my immortal zombie body and still revive my immortal aperture to advance my cultivation, this would be the best option for me. But right now, it seems that although Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance has made remarkable achievements in this aspect, they are still a great distance from perfecting it. If they truly had this method, Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance would already have been dominating Eastern Sea. The five regions would also not have the current structure.'</p> 
<p>After Fang Yuan calmed down, he speculated the truths of Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance.</p> 
<p>"All humans are mortal, they will have a day where their lifespan ends. Brother Xing Xiang, after you join Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance, you can contribute to the alliance and use these contributions to exchange for this research result." Shark Demon smiled as he patted Fang Yuan's shoulder.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan nodded with a fervent expression on his face, but his mind was calm and knew Shark Demon was simply trying to entice him.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had joined Northern Plains Zombie Alliance and already understood that to exchange for such a level of research results, the contribution to the alliance must be extremely big.</p> 
<p>Shark Demon brought Fang Yuan to the center of the Undying Kingdom.</p> 
<p>Over there existed a mountain range carved from skeletons, and on the tens of mountains lay tens of palaces or halls.</p> 
<p>Shark Demon led Fang Yuan to a hall.</p> 
<p>After a long while, Fang Yuan and Shark Demon walked out of the hall. Fang Yuan now had an identity token and also information path mortal Gu used to transmit all sorts of information to and from Zombie Alliance.</p> 
<p>With Shark Demon's guidance, Fang Yuan smoothly became a member of Zombie Alliance.</p>
    </body>
</html>
