<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 709: Familiar Face</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 709: Familiar Face</h1>
        
        <p>"Oh?" As it involved Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, Fang Yuan's interest was roused: "Is it the legendary 'familiar face'?"</p> 
<p>In Gu Master history, there were many interesting records about the immortal killer move 'familiar face'.</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had once relied on familiar face to transform into all sorts of appearances, he had once scammed a rank eight Gu Immortal, Deng Zuo Yan, while he himself had rank six cultivation, causing Deng Zuo Yan to think that he was his best friend, Wan Che Zhen. In the end, Deng Zuo Yan allowed the thief into his house, and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable used the opportunity to steal a lot of treasures in his blessed land.</p> 
<p>After the incident, Deng Zuo Yan was angered to the point of spitting out blood, he found Wan Che Zhen and engaged in a fierce battle, it was an extremely heated match.</p> 
<p>Wan Che Zhen was very puzzled, he tried to explain himself but it was not working. In the end, he took a risk and stopped defending him, letting Deng Zuo Yan deal three blows to him.</p> 
<p>After three blows, Wan Che Zhen was on the verge of death, he finally managed to convince Deng Zuo Yan of their friendship.</p> 
<p>Deng Zuo Yan felt deep regret, he tried to heal Wan Che Zhen regardless of the consequences. After he found out the truth, he saw Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable as his most hated enemy and one that he must kill.</p> 
<p>Wan Che Zhen's deep injuries could not heal, and seeing that Deng Zuo Yan was about to face a tribulation, he did not want to be a burden to his friend and left secretly.</p> 
<p>But to think that Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had perfect timing, he disguised as Wan Che Zhen and lied to Deng Zuo Yan, lying in bed and pretending to be ill, extorting countless cultivation resources from him.</p> 
<p>After that, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable escaped scot-free.</p> 
<p>Deng Zuo Yan lost a huge amount of his foundation, he died during his heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity not long after. Wan Che Zhen heard that his friend had died and vomited blood from anger. His weak body that was heavily injured finally gave in and he died several days later.</p> 
<p>This was the most illustrious achievement of the immortal killer move 'familiar face'.</p> 
<p>It was not an offensive killer move, but it indirectly took the lives of two rank eight Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>In history, other than this incredible account, there were also countless incidents where Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable used this move to pretend to be a weakling to catch people off guard, or scammed people by pretending to be an expert. He also transformed into a snowman and caused trouble in an inkman city, resulting in a huge battle between the snowmen and the inkmen.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit stared at Fang Yuan, shaking his head: "Familiar face? You are really daring! That is an immortal killer move, the core Gu is the legendary attitude Gu. Even if I give it to you, you will not be able to use it. But this killer move of mine has a huge relationship with familiar face, it can be said to be the former version of it, this is a mortal killer move and is suitable for you to use."</p> 
<p>"Oh?" Bright light shined in Fang Yuan's eyes.</p> 
<p>Seeing that he had drawn out Fang Yuan's interest, Lang Ya land spirit chuckled as he continued: "This killer move is called 'unfamiliar face'. But if you want it, you will need to do me a favor."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan knew that there was no free lunch in this world, he nodded: "Say it."</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit said his plan immediately: "My twelve cloud buildings all had one desolate beast inside each in the past. But because of the attacks of the Gu Immortals from the mysterious force, two of them died and one died after succumbing to injuries. Now, I only have nine left. If you can enslave a desolate beast with outstanding battle strength for me, not only will I pay you immortal essence stones based on market rates, I will also give you this mortal killer move 'unfamiliar face'."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was overjoyed deep inside: After making many transactions with Lang Ya land spirit over the Immortal Gu remnant recipes, and using the mountain pledge Gu to dispel any suspicions, along with returning the desolate beasts, he had finally improved his relationship with Lang Ya land spirit.</p> 
<p>In the past, Lang Ya land spirit would not ask Fang Yuan for such a matter.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought about it and agreed.</p> 
<p>Next, he obtained three new Immortal Gu remnant recipes from Lang Ya land spirit, after saying goodbye, he went back to Hu Immortal blessed land.</p> 
<p>"Junior brother, you are back, was this trip successful?" Tai Bai Yun Sheng was inside Hu Immortal blessed land.</p> 
<p>Now, with the eight desolate beasts already returned, it was impossible for Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan to stay in Hu Immortal blessed land, when Fang Yuan went to Lang Ya blessed land, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was the only Gu Immortal left to defend it.</p> 
<p>"Mm, it was rather fruitful." Fang Yuan said, returning landscape as before Gu and man as before Gu to Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>"Shark Demon is calling me urgently, I have to go to Eastern Sea now." Tai Bai Yun Sheng took the two Gu and rushed over without examining them.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not obstruct him, he only told him to be careful.</p> 
<p>Now that he was finally alone, it was time to plan what to do for the future.</p> 
<p>"After resolving the huge crisis of Immortal Crane Sect attacking Hu Immortal blessed land, I have finally stabilized the situation, I have entered the righteous path faction using the status of a subsidiary force, now that I can sell guts Gu, I can intervene slightly in Central Continent's matters now."</p> 
<p>In the past, Fang Yuan was a mortal, he did not even have the qualifications to speak to Gu Immortals as equals. Although he had Hu Immortal blessed land, he was like a child walking into a bandit's den holding primeval stones. Once the bandits saw Fang Yuan, they would only think of how to take Hu Immortal blessed land for themselves.</p> 
<p>Now that Fang Yuan was an immortal zombie, he finally was qualified. After gathering his strength and showing the mysterious force behind him, he had finally intimidated Immortal Crane Sect and the other forces. Using the guts Gu transaction to form an economic connection between them, the child had now grown into a young man, seeing a bandit, he scattered some primeval stones to them. The bandits want to rob him, but they are afraid of a counterattack from the young man that would cause them to suffer greater losses, thus, they took the primeval stones to temporarily satisfy themselves.</p> 
<p>Furthermore, these bandits themselves are wary of each other and restrict themselves, their attention is placed on many other things. The young man is temporarily safe in this den.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan was aware, that when the guts Gu transactions become bigger, and the benefits become larger, there would be even greater pressure on him, as more people would want to snatch it from him.</p> 
<p>Especially during the five regions chaotic war, all of the forces would not let go of something that could raise their strength.</p> 
<p>Although the young man gave out some primeval stones and satisfied the bandits temporarily, as his wealth grows, these bandits were bound to engage in another attempt of robbery soon.</p> 
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan lowered his head and became a subsidiary of Immortal Crane Sect in name. This way, the young man was now a young bandit, these bandits could not rob each other, they had to follow the rules.</p> 
<p>But rules were just formless restrictions, as time passed, as the profits grew, they would have less effect.</p> 
<p>After all, this young bandit was not as powerful as he had displayed himself to be.</p> 
<p>"Four Gu Immortals, eight desolate beasts, this is just a facade that I put up by borrowing the strength of others. The Snowy Mountain Alliance I have with Hei Lou Lan has a time limit. Lang Ya blessed land is facing strong enemies, it can hardly protect itself, I cannot bring out the eight desolate beasts anytime I wish. Even though we made Immortal Crane Sect retreat and have set up transactions with the ten great ancient sects, since I have now appeared in the open, they will definitely use all sorts of methods to investigate me. They have not struck yet because they are not sure of my background at this point. One they know, they will strike again." Fang Yuan considered.</p> 
<p>Using an analogy, when Fang Yuan first obtained Hu Immortal blessed land, the situation was like a torrential rainstorm with thunder and lightning, it was vicious weather and only by taking a fatal risk could he have a chance of survival.</p> 
<p>After Fang Yuan's trip to Northern Plains, he became an immortal zombie, when he returned to Hu Immortal blessed land, the situation was like a sky with dark clouds covering him, and strong winds blowing. The future was grim, only by plotting carefully, taking every step vigilantly, and grabbing onto every opportunity, could he climb out of the swamp slowly and with much difficulty.</p> 
<p>After Fang Yuan repelled Immortal Crane Sect and started selling guts Gu, the fierce winds had disappeared, and the dark clouds had thinned, a hole was exposed and the blue sky could be seen. The future was now bright and hopeful, but the dark clouds were still looming, if he was careless, they would cover the sky again, with lightning and rain pouring. It was like a person had just escaped from a swamp, he was standing at the edge of the swamp, finally safe for the time being.</p> 
<p>If he took a step back, Fang Yuan would fall into the swamp again, if he wanted to get out, he would need to struggle intensely, and his luck would matter greatly.</p> 
<p>If he moved forward, Fang Yuan would become more stable, and he would finally get back onto a wide and large track. Even if there were thorns along the way, it would not be like before, when he was struggling between life and death, and every step could lead to a fatal disaster.</p> 
<p>"The following period of time is a time of peace that I have obtained with much difficulty, I need to advance forward, accumulating my foundation and raising my cultivation, I have to become stronger, until none of the forces around me dare to have any ill intentions against me."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought about it carefully, there were several huge problems in front of him.</p> 
<p>The first question facing him now was the feeding of Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Cleanse soul Immortal Gu was the most urgent one.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit and Fairy Li Shan did not have any leads to the white lotus giant silkworm Gu, even though he could buy some in treasure yellow heaven for a high price, it could only sustain cleanse soul Immortal Gu's life and not let it die of hunger.</p> 
<p>To feed it till it was full, he needed ten thousand white lotus giant silkworm Gu, this Gu was in small quantity even for Gu Immortals who collected them.</p> 
<p>Unless Fang Yuan got the Gu recipe and refined it in bulk, he could not solve the issue completely.</p> 
<p>Looking at his other Immortal Gu, feeding them was still a huge problem.</p> 
<p>Although he got through it this time, the next round of feeding would be a problem again.</p> 
<p>The six headed snake's bones had turned into black blood and were fed to calamity beckoning Immortal Gu. Delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu's feeding problem had never been resolved. It was just that Mo Yao's will had fed it earlier, thus there were no issues yet.</p> 
<p>Worldly wave trace Gu needed tens of thousands of underworld jellyfish and thousands of deepsea lightning eels. Although the former was in huge quantity, it could be bought easily using immortal essence stones. But the latter was rare in the market, if not for Tai Bai Yun Sheng encountering Shark Demon and putting his own life at risk, he would not have gotten the required amount.</p> 
<p>Rising Azure Cloud was in Lang Ya land spirit's hands, it need not be considered for now. Connect luck Immortal Gu needs five thousand kilograms of sand gull soil, looking at the condition of the worldly sand gull's dead egg, it could produce another fifteen thousand kilograms, which was three feeding sessions. The feeding of Woman's Heart was troublesome, after all, mass killing of mortals would attract the attack of righteous path Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>After all, now was not the five regions chaotic war yet.</p> 
<p>Within the five regions, the righteous path suppressed the demonic path, order was abundant in society.</p> 
<p>Although Fang Yuan had many immortal essence stones now, the feeding of Immortal Gu could not be resolved simply by having immortal essence stones.</p> 
<p>Generally in most cases, the feeding of Immortal Gu was usually connected to the cultivation path of the Gu Immortal themselves, and their blessed land.</p>
    </body>
</html>
