<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 794: Internal Threat, Chaotic Battle, Advance or Retreat</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 794: Internal Threat, Chaotic Battle, Advance or Retreat</h1>
        
        <p>After making his decision, Unfettered Scholar's vigor rose, and he shouted: "Fight! The enemy is merely one person, anyone who is afraid can leave."</p> 
<p>"Alright, we will follow lord!"</p> 
<p>"Truly worthy of Lord Unfettered Scholar, with you here, who would fear Dong Fang Yu Liang?"</p> 
<p>The group of demons shouted.</p> 
<p>Unfettered Scholar flicked his sleeve and used his killer move, clearing up the lingering starlight around him as he charged towards Dong Fang Yu Liang.</p> 
<p>"Come." Dong Fang Yu Liang was not in the least afraid of Unfettered Scholar's rank seven power, he did not retreat but advanced, submerged in starlight.</p> 
<p>For a while, the starlight churned as if it were a sea of stars, surging and rolling unendingly.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang was like the master of stars as he maneuvered the endless starlight, raising majestic waves of stars to fight against a group by himself!</p> 
<p>Stars swayed and light fragments flew everywhere.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang was hopelessly outnumbered at first and the situation was dangerous. But as time passed, the starlight continued to increase rapidly, almost filling the whole space.</p> 
<p>The starlight obscured vision and made cooperation difficult, while the star thoughts invaded minds causing the demonic path Gu Immortals to make repeated mistakes. As the situation turned more chaotic, Dong Fang Yu Liang's advantage was getting bigger.</p> 
<p>Many Gu Immortals were accidentally injured several times, gradually, they did not dare to team up, choosing to fight alone, which further reduced the pressure on Dong Fang Yu Liang.</p> 
<p>Only Unfettered Scholar was able to maneuver skilfully around the obstacles, and was the strongest opponent of Dong Fang Yu Liang. Dong Fang Yu Liang had been evading him since the start, not daring to fight head-on with Unfettered Scholar.</p> 
<p>Unfettered Scholar's fury surged as he got repeatedly obstructed by other demonic path Gu Immortals: "This Dong Fang Yu Liang is too slippery, he is so young but he is as cunning as Dong Fang Chang Fan back then! He is showing no flaws, as if he has been manipulating this killer move since birth! Is Dong Fang Chang Fan's inheritance so magical?"</p> 
<p>Not far away, Old Lord Can Yang was also inwardly shocked by the might of myriad star fireflies. He remained hidden the whole time, quietly healing himself. Occasionally, he would gaze eerily at Fang Yuan and the group at the edge of the battlefield.</p> 
<p>He had vague speculations about Fang Yuan's identity and had been waiting for Fang Yuan to jump into the battlefield.</p> 
<p>He did not excel in pursuing enemies, but with the help of myriad star fireflies, he would have a greatly increased chance of capturing Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>However, since the beginning, Fang Yuan only stood by, looking on without lifting a finger, which caused Old Lord Can Yang to feel anxious and forced him to endure waiting patiently.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Thousand Disintegrations!</p> 
<p>Unfettered Scholar could not fight a prolonged battle, finally using his trump card killer move.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang chuckled, already on guard against this move, his body swayed nimbly like a butterfly, dodging the rays coming from the gaze.</p> 
<p>But right at this moment, Dong Fang Yu Liang suddenly stopped, Dong Fang Wan Xiu's furious roar resounded within him: 'Old scoundrel, I will take you down with me!'</p> 
<p>'Dong Fang Yu Liang' suddenly changed directions and charged straight towards the killer move thousand disintegrations.</p> 
<p>This change was beyond anyone's expectations.</p> 
<p>The power of thousand disintegrations was deeply imprinted in everyone's minds, 'Dong Fang Yu Liang' charging straight at it was simply suicidal!</p> 
<p>For a while, everyone was startled and could not react.</p> 
<p>Even Unfettered Scholar was stupefied as he looked at 'Dong Fang Yu Liang' charging at his killer move.</p> 
<p>The light of thousand disintegrations shined on Dong Fang Yu Liang's head, in an instant, Dong Fang Yu Liang's hair was destroyed, then his skull was melting, with the rays about to hit his brain.</p> 
<p>On this boundary between life and death, Old Lord Can Yang shouted and with no time to continue healing, he showed himself to save Dong Fang Yu Liang.</p> 
<p>He attacked while also defending.</p> 
<p>Flame surged, a blazing inferno rose and charged towards Unfettered Scholar. Confronted with a rank seven expert, Unfettered Scholar had no choice but to divide his attention.</p> 
<p>As this happened, Old Lord Can Yang was able to pull back Dong Fang Yu Liang.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang's skull was penetrated through and his brain almost suffered extremely severe damage. At this moment, countless star thoughts surged like a fountain towards the outside through the hole in the skull.</p> 
<p>After being saved by Old Lord Can Yang, Dong Fang Yu Liang's expression turned calm, representing that Dong Fang Chang Fan's soul had regained control of the body.</p> 
<p>Lingering fear unavoidably showed up on his face.</p> 
<p>If there had been just a slight delay, Dong Fang Yu Liang's brain would have been entirely disintegrated.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Chang Fan could be said to have walked around the gates of hell, barely holding onto life. And without Old Lord Can Yang, he might have died again.</p> 
<p>"What happened?!" Old Lord Can Yang retreated while pulling Dong Fang Chang Fan and shouted at the latter, his heart still palpitating.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Chang Fan had explained most of the possession technique to him, but a few crucial final steps were still kept undisclosed by Dong Fang Chang Fan.</p> 
<p>Thus, Old Lord Can Yang was absolutely not willing to see Dong Fang Chang Fan's death.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Chang Fan intentionally held these back as a failsafe against Old Lord Can Yang, the effects were shown now.</p> 
<p>However, he might have had his life preserved, but Dong Fang Chang Fan looked pale and had an unsightly expression.</p> 
<p>This series of events was because he had hurriedly ascended to immortal and were the side effects of the struggle against the lightning tribulation.</p> 
<p>Originally, Dong Fang Chang Fan had deceived Dong Fang tribe's eight Gu Immortals and used the phantom formation to extract their immortal aperture origin cores.</p> 
<p>But these cores contained the wills and auras of the eight Gu Immortals, and could not be directly transferred to Dong Fang Yu Liang's body.</p> 
<p>Thus, Dong Fang Chang Fan used menses blood Immortal Gu to turn these origin cores into a blood veil. Then he used the attacks from the demonic path Gu Immortals to temper and remove the impurities that were the wills and auras of the eight Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Chang Fan then would transfer the purified immortal aperture origin cores into Dong Fang Yu Liang's body, which should have resulted in no side effects.</p> 
<p>However, the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity had been too terrifying, far surpassing Dong Fang Chang Fan's estimation. It resulted in a dangerous situation and at the crucial moment between life and death, Dong Fang Chang Fan had no choice but to skip some of the blood veil's tempering steps and directly transfer the extracted origin cores into Dong Fang Yu Liang's body.</p> 
<p>He passed the tribulation and advanced to Gu Immortal. But the new immortal aperture had the eight Gu Immortals' wills and was filled with their auras.</p> 
<p>These eight Gu Immortals' bodies and souls were already turned to nothingness prior to the heaven-shaking tribulation. But they were betrayed, creating hatred towards Dong Fang Chang Fan which was retained in their wills and auras.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Chang Fan had to pay full attention to the battle when fighting Unfettered Scholar. A moment of negligence caused the internal danger to erupt, resulting in a strong backlash.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Chang Fan had expected it but during the backlash, he discovered his previous estimations had been too optimistic. The power of the accumulated wills in his immortal aperture was beyond his expectations.</p> 
<p>Thus, the backlash had almost sent him to his own death under thousand disintegrations.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Chang Fan heaved a sigh and was just about to explain matters to Old Lord Can Yang, when suddenly his face twisted into a ferocious expression.</p> 
<p>Old Lord Can Yang's mind rang with warning sirens and he quickly released his grip as he retreated.</p> 
<p>The next moment, Dong Fang Yu Liang used a powerful killer move against his benefactor, Old Lord Can Yang.</p> 
<p>Fortunately, Old Lord Can Yang had been vigilant, Dong Fang Yu Liang's attack struck empty air.</p> 
<p>"Old bastard Chang Fan, you shameless scoundrel, scheming against your own tribe's Gu Immortals for your rebirth!" Dong Fang Yu Liang furiously shouted, but it was not with his previous voice, rather, it was the voice of Dong Fang Yi Kong.</p> 
<p>Such a strange change confused everyone.</p> 
<p>Unfettered Scholar's eyes shined with a bright light, and moved in for the kill again. He reacted promptly and used the killer move thousand disintegrations, again directed at Dong Fang Yu Liang.</p> 
<p>However, Dong Fang Chang Fan regained control again and narrowly evaded thousand disintegrations.</p> 
<p>The good scenario did not last for long as soon, the will of another of Dong Fang tribe's Gu Immortals forcibly took control of the body, shouting and seeking death of their own accord.</p> 
<p>Old Lord Can Yang had no choice but to save Dong Fang Chang Fan from danger again.</p> 
<p>The battle situation had changed.</p> 
<p>The orderly myriad star fireflies which attacked and defended in turn were now flying around chaotically. The pressure on the demonic path Gu Immortals had greatly decreased, and they charged towards Dong Fang Yu Liang one after the other.</p> 
<p>Among them, the threat from Unfettered Scholar was the largest, as he moved unhindered around the sea of starlight, his thousand disintegrations breaking through all obstacles.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Chang Fan, however, had the help of Old Lord Can Yang. Old Lord Can Yang was an expert of Central Continent's ancient sects and had deep foundations. His immortal killer move, life chasing fire, was also rather troublesome, obstructing Unfettered Scholar.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang would occasionally suffer the backlash from a certain Dong Fang tribe Gu Immortal, at times causing him to attack Old Lord Can Yang or even seek death, but at other times Dong Fang Chang Fan was able to regain control and fight the demonic path Gu Immortals, attempting to remedy the situation.</p> 
<p>However, all things considered, such a battle situation could not avoid being chaotic.</p> 
<p>The source of the chaos was Dong Fang Yu Liang.</p> 
<p>"What is going on?" Fairy Li Shan and the others were standing at the edge of the battlefield, not knowing what to think about this chaotic fight.</p> 
<p>The strange and confusing situation was beyond their expectations.</p> 
<p>"It seems Dong Fang Chang Fan sacrificed his tribe's Gu Immortals and possessed Dong Fang Yu Liang, but his plan did not completely succeed. This old bastard really can scheme!" Hei Lou Lan sneered.</p> 
<p>"No matter who Dong Fang Yu Liang is, that fire path Gu Immortal beside him is not of Northern Plains, but an expert of Central Continent's Immortal Crane Sect, named Old Lord Can Yang. After the battle earlier, he is probably suspicious of me." Fang Yuan secretly transmitted his voice, exposing the identity of Old Lord Can Yang.</p> 
<p>"What? This is troublesome." Hei Lou Lan frowned. She and Fang Yuan were tied to the same boat, their gains and losses were linked together. If Fang Yuan was exposed, she would also be in jeopardy.</p> 
<p>"What should we do now? Perhaps we could kill him?" Fairy Li Shan was ready to attack.</p> 
<p>"No! He only has some doubts, as long as I don't expose myself, he won't be able to guess my identity in Central Continent. The battle is extremely chaotic now, it will be hard for us to withdraw if we meddle in. Moreover, Dong Fang Chang Fan is a deep schemer, myriad star fireflies is also powerful, while we will have to restrain our full power to hide our identities. What's more, Old Lord Can Yang is an expert among rank sevens and won't be easily defeated." Fang Yuan's gaze flickered, as he sent this message to the two women.</p> 
<p>He already had the intention to retreat. The situation might be in disorder now, but their circumstances did not allow them to do as they pleased. Even if they could use their full strengths, the combined strength of the three was not enough to dominate the whole battlefield and control the lives and deaths of everyone present.</p> 
<p>"You mean that we should retreat?" Hei Lou Lan, however, was reluctant. As far as she was concerned, the chaotic situation in front of them was still an opportunity.</p> 
<p>She had sworn to get revenge, but Hei Cheng was powerful and her battle strength had decreased after she had also lost self strength Immortal Gu. If she did not use these opportunities to quickly progress ahead, when would she be able to take her revenge?</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan smiled: "I mean that we should retreat as well as advance. Haven't the two of you discovered that Dong Fang Yu Liang has already lost control over a dozen times in just this short period of time, all in all, it should be due to the wills of the eight Gu Immortals causing trouble."</p> 
<p>"You mean?" Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan's gazes shined brightly as they understood the meaning behind these words.</p> 
<p>"Right. How many Gu Immortals does Dong Fang tribe has? Even if there is some hidden force left behind, Dong Fang tribe's headquarters would still be at its weakest state in all time. Just think about it, the accumulations of a region's super force..." Fang Yuan spoke leisurely, however his words ignited the fires in the hearts of Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan.</p> 
<p>"Then what are we waiting for, let's go! Let's rob Dong Fang Chang Fan's base!" Hei Lou Lan did not hesitate as she flew straight towards Dong Fang tribe's headquarters with excitement.</p>
    </body>
</html>
