<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 756: Fang Yuan vs Feng Jiu Ge</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 756: Fang Yuan vs Feng Jiu Ge</h1>
        
        <p>The seller was requesting for a wisdom path inheritance, this was really an excessive demand. Previously, in the immortal material list that Fang Yuan threw out earlier, at least Gu Immortals would more or less have something within it, but wisdom path inheritances were extremely rare.</p> 
<p>Even if it was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, they would not sell their own inheritance, something that is of utmost importance to themselves.</p> 
<p>Chu Du did not have a wisdom path inheritance, and neither did Feng Jiu Ge.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan only had an incomplete wisdom path inheritance, it was extremely incomplete, it could not meet the requirements.</p> 
<p>He sat on the seat, licking his dry lips as he kept quiet, but his heart was growing with anticipation.</p> 
<p>At once, be it the tenth secret room or Domination Immortal Chu Du, they did not speak, the hall fell into a peculiar silence.</p> 
<p>Eventually, discussions arose in the hall again.</p> 
<p>"Requesting for a wisdom path inheritance, this condition is too much."</p> 
<p>"A wisdom path Immortal Gu is good enough, they were still greedy for a wisdom path inheritance? Hehe."</p> 
<p>"This is simply being blinded by greed, such a condition, the tenth secret room and Domination Immortal are unable to satisfy it. The heated bidding earlier was ruined. This cauldron strength Immortal Gu might end up going unsold!"</p> 
<p>"But this is nothing much, unsold Immortal Gu will be in the second round of the auction according to the sequence."</p> 
<p>This seller of the cauldron strength Immortal Gu also found something amiss, he was anxious and quickly added.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng received his transmission and announced again: "The wisdom path inheritance does not need to be complete, an incomplete wisdom path inheritance is fine too. Of course, the more complete it is, the better it would be."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed heartily, he had a rather incomplete wisdom path inheritance.</p> 
<p>His bid came from within the tenth secret room: "I have an incomplete wisdom path inheritance."</p> 
<p>Chu Du heard Fang Yuan's bid and his heart jumped, he did not even have an incomplete inheritance. But he still had hope in his heart, he placed his hopes on Swordmaster You Lan. In his perspective, Swordmaster You Lan was backed by Prince Feng Xian, they had incredible foundation and would likely have a wisdom path incomplete inheritance.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge laughed bitterly.</p> 
<p>Spirit Affinity House indeed had collected incomplete wisdom path inheritances. But he did not have any currently. He quickly used the hole earth Gu in his immortal aperture and communicated to the other nine Central Continent Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>The nine Central Continent Gu Immortals knew about Feng Jiu Ge's actions. In truth, they were secretly lurking near crimson reed marsh, waiting to reinforce Feng Jiu Ge.</p> 
<p>After receiving Feng Jiu Ge's message, two of them had an incomplete inheritance. One was from Old Oracle, he came from Ancient Soul Sect and was a wisdom path Gu Immortal. The other was Chen Zhen Chi from Myriad Dragon Dock, he was a flying grandmaster and had once explored an inheritance ground, obtaining one by chance.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge received their message and was overjoyed, quickly interacting with them.</p> 
<p>Wisdom path inheritances, even if incomplete, were quite valuable. Old Oracle and Chen Zhen Chi were not from the same sect as Feng Jiu Ge, even if they were, they still had to properly balance the books.</p> 
<p>In a moment, Feng Jiu Ge finished discussing with Chen Zhen Chi and paid some price to buy the incomplete wisdom path inheritance from him.</p> 
<p>But after getting it, Feng Jiu Ge became hesitant.</p> 
<p>He could naturally provide the incomplete wisdom path inheritance to Chu Du. But doing it in this way was too obvious.</p> 
<p>He had lied to Chu Du earlier, saying that he wanted Chu Du's immortal materials, the true heaven silver. But now, just for the true heaven silver, he was providing him the valuable incomplete wisdom path inheritance, this was like giving up gold for silver, it did not make sense.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge could imagine, once he showed this inheritance, Chu Du would begin to suspect his true motives!</p> 
<p>"Oh, if I had a companion that understood the situation alongside me, they would be able to bid now." Feng Jiu Ge sighed again: "In this situation, there is an eighty percent chance that the seller would choose the tenth secret room! Unfortunately, in regards to the seller who is auctioning the Immortal Gu, I cannot contact them."</p> 
<p>Just as Feng Jiu Ge was about to risk Chu Du's suspicions and take out the incomplete wisdom path inheritance, Chu Du spoke: "I do not have an inheritance, I'll back out from this bid."</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge was stunned.</p> 
<p>The truth was, after waiting for a while, the tiny hope in Chu Du's heart vanished.</p> 
<p>He thought over it, his relationship with Swordmaster You Lan and Prince Feng Xian was not deep, the other party was only helping him because of the true heaven silver. Even if they had a wisdom path inheritance, why would they make such a huge sacrifice to help him? Just for that three hundred kilograms of true heaven silver?</p> 
<p>It was evidently impossible.</p> 
<p>Chu Du was a smart person, even though he was a lone cultivator, he needed his face. Fang Yuan had made his offer long ago, so many people were watching, Chu Du could not stall this by keeping silent.</p> 
<p>Thus, he announced his intention to back out from the current bid.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge's expression sunk, when Chu Du announced that he was backing out, he understood the reason behind it.</p> 
<p>At once, Fang Yuan's victory was imminent, Feng Jiu Ge did not know what to say.</p> 
<p>Should he blame Chu Du for being too smart, thus making deductions in advance? Feng Jiu Ge himself had hesitated, because he lacked a companion, his hands were tied and it was tough for him to manipulate anything.</p> 
<p>"But, even if delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu is handed over, there is still hope. After the open auction, there is still the free transaction period." Feng Jiu Ge consoled himself, his mental state quickly returned to normal. He had braved through many storms and difficulties in life that had improved him, they were on par with Fang Yuan's. If not for them, he would not be the Feng Jiu Ge he was today.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge was a type of person with much in common with Fang Yuan, they never gave up and would not mind temporary failure or loss, and they could lower their statuses if needed.</p> 
<p>The result of the competition for cauldron strength Immortal Gu had become quite clear.</p> 
<p>Domination Immortal Chu Du conceded while Fang Yuan provided an incomplete wisdom path inheritance.</p> 
<p>But just as Qin Bai Sheng was about to announce the bid going to Fang Yuan, a third competitor appeared.</p> 
<p>"Eleventh secret room is bidding as well, they are taking out a wisdom path Immortal Gu, an incomplete wisdom path inheritance, as well as immortal materials that are on par with those of tenth secret room!" Qin Bai Sheng suddenly announced.</p> 
<p>This was an unexpected situation, the Gu Immortals in the main hall were very interested.</p> 
<p>"Another mysterious Gu Immortal has entered the bidding competition."</p> 
<p>"Eleventh secret room... they are able to make such a high bid, the auction has invited some formidable characters indeed."</p> 
<p>"Since when were strength path Immortal Gu so popular, everyone is fighting for this?"</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng felt more confusion than the others, he knew that Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Fang Yuan arrived together, they should be allies. Why were they competing with each other now?</p> 
<p>Not only him, even the bidder, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, was confused.</p> 
<p>He had just received Fang Yuan's transmission earlier, asking him to do this bid.</p> 
<p>Since the seller could only choose one person to deal with, whether they chose Fang Yuan or Tai Bai Yun Sheng, they would only receive one of the bids. From start to finish, Fang Yuan did not violate the auction's rules.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan sat in the tenth secret room, his finger was tapping on the armrest of his seat. His eyes were closed until only a slit remained, he continued bidding and competing with Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>After several rounds, Tai Bai Yun Sheng pieced random materials together, showing his limited finances.</p> 
<p>Next, he purposely hesitated before bidding, displaying a changing mind.</p> 
<p>After several more rounds of bidding, Tai Bai Yun Sheng obtained a notification from Qin Bai Sheng, after approving of it, he received a letter from another person.</p> 
<p>This letter's content was similar to the one written to Domination Immortal. Using one of the immortal materials that Tai Bai Yun Sheng had as an excuse, he saw that Tai Bai Yun Sheng could not afford to continue bidding and was willing to fund him in exchange for the immortal material.</p> 
<p>"Junior brother, just as you had expected, someone is willing to fund me." Tai Bai Yun Sheng reported this to Fang Yuan in secret.</p> 
<p>"Oh?" Fang Yuan opened his eyes, straightening his back subconsciously: "Who?"</p> 
<p>"Swordmaster You Lan."</p> 
<p>"Swordmaster You Lan?" Fang Yuan's eyes shone with brilliance.</p> 
<p>"Swordmaster You Lan... Prince Feng Xian..." He could not sit any longer, he started pacing around in the room.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's plan earlier was only to ascertain a guess in his mind. Now that he saw a result from his test, Fang Yuan was a little surprised.</p> 
<p>"Domination Immortal Chu Du obtained funding, thus he could continue competing with me. This person is likely to be Swordmaster You Lan."</p> 
<p>"If it is her, then why did she fund Chu Du and Tai Bai Yun Sheng? It is definitely not for the immortal materials, but to prevent my delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu from falling into other people's hands."</p> 
<p>"Delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu has no use in my hands, thus I am selling it. But if it falls into the hands of the seller of cauldron strength Immortal Gu, then he would not sell the delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu again because he wants to have it."</p> 
<p>"Swordmaster You Lan spent a huge sum earlier and used two strength path Immortal Gu to obtain worldly wave trace Gu. Now, she is trying all sorts of methods to prevent me from selling delight in water and mountain Gu, why is that?"</p> 
<p>The answer had already been flickering in his mind, that was the rank seven Immortal Gu House — Water Pavilion.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan paced in the room as he thought about it.</p> 
<p>After a while, he stopped in his tracks, raising his head.</p> 
<p>The scene in the secret room was like a painting, but Fang Yuan's gaze was like the abyss, it was as if it pierced through the layers of illusions and saw the Gu Immortals in the main hall, he saw Swordmaster You Lan who was in the single room, he even saw the region outside of Northern Plains, it was Central Continent!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's gaze was like ice, he laughed coldly in his heart: "Impressive, a great move! In my previous life, during the five regions chaotic war, a certain supreme elder of Spirit Affinity House managed to sway Prince Feng Xian's heart and recruit him. Prince Feng Xian suddenly joined Spirit Affinity House, it caught people off guard, it almost killed Ma Hong Yun who had become a rank seven Gu Immortal, causing Northern Plains' situation to become dramatically worse. Northern Plains sacrificed large numbers of Gu Immortals, countless territories were lost, and Spirit Affinity House was in the forefront, at number one among the ten great ancient sects. To think that Prince Feng Xian all along had been a tool of Spirit Affinity House."</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge had used vaguely familiar face, Fang Yuan could not decipher the truth. The ten great ancient sects of Central Continent had ordered Feng Jiu Ge and the other Gu Immortals to enter Northern Plains, it was a top secret mission, several wisdom path Gu Immortals had worked together to eliminate all evidence of their actions. In accordance with Fang Yuan's intelligence gathering methods, he naturally would not be able to find out anything.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not know these matters, but Feng Jiu Ge was using Fairy You Lan's identity, it instead helped Fang Yuan figure out the important secret that Spirit Affinity House had been hiding!</p>
    </body>
</html>
