<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 924: Discarding this Ruined Body to Exchange for a Clear Breeze</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 924: Discarding this Ruined Body to Exchange for a Clear Breeze</h1>
        
        <p>In the mystical area, light shined warmly, there were no mountains or rivers, neither wind nor land, it was completely blank.</p> 
<p>"That is true." Once Feng Jiu Ge spoke, Qin Bai Sheng appeared in front of him, looking at the three immortals from Central Continent, he smiled deeply: "If not for Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's arrangement, how could I lure brother Feng here?"</p> 
<p>Indeed.</p> 
<p>Even though Qin Bai Sheng was very powerful, he was still at a loss against a one in a thousand years monster like Feng Jiu Ge.</p> 
<p>Especially when Qin Bai Sheng's two trump cards were not for trapping enemies, they were for killing.</p> 
<p>To temporarily trap Feng Jiu Ge, he had to activate the arrangements that Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had personally set up in the past.</p> 
<p>"This really is Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's inheritance?" Fairy Ling Mei asked in a heated tone.</p> 
<p>Since ancient times, in the long history of Gu cultivators, there were countless geniuses and heroes. But if these people were akin to shining stars in the sky, then the ten rank nine Gu Immortals were each like the sun, they were bright and dazzling, spreading their radiance over the whole world.</p> 
<p>Every generation's venerable, be it an Immortal Venerable or a Demon Venerable, was at the peak of that era, they dominated the world and were invincible, unparalleled in their time.</p> 
<p>Among them, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was also a legend. He excelled in space path and had unparalleled stealing abilities. He even cultivated transformation path simultaneously and was skilled at disguises, before he was rank nine, he could transform into all sorts of people and use their identities to achieve his unspeakable motives, he even caused huge commotions over the world, sending it into chaos.</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable also had a close relationship with Long Hair Ancestor. The failure to refine space escape Gu became Long Hair Ancestor's obsession after death, it had become a legend.</p> 
<p>Such a person, his inheritance, was actually before them!</p> 
<p>Be it Ling Mei or Ao Xue, these two fairies who had icy hearts felt excited, their hearts were burning with ambition.</p> 
<p>But Feng Jiu Ge quickly discouraged them: "Don't even think about it. Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's inheritance is not something you can obtain."</p> 
<p>Ling Mei and Ao Xue's expressions changed.</p> 
<p>That's right, there was still Feng Jiu Ge and Qin Bai Sheng here, with these two experts around, how could Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's inheritance become theirs?</p> 
<p>At once, Ling Mei and Ao Xue felt great disappointment.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge's back was facing them, he stood in front of them but understood their emotions, he continued: "You misunderstand my words. Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's inheritance has a strict requirement, both of you do not fulfill it, I do not fulfill it, and even brother Qin also has no chance of inheriting it."</p> 
<p>Ling Mei and Ao Xue were shocked, one of them asked: "There is such a thing?"</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng laughed loudly: "Brother Feng really knows a lot about Thieving Heaven's true inheritance. It seems the rumors are true, Spirit Affinity House indeed possesses one of the true inheritances of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable. They have been researching it for a long time, a pity there have been no gains."</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge's eyes shined with brilliance, he stared at Qin Bai Sheng, admitting: "To think that brother Qin knows so much about Central Continent's details despite living in Northern Plains. That is true, my sect controls a true inheritance of Thieving Heaven and have been researching it for many years, we have learned some things after these years."</p> 
<p>Ling Mei and Ao Xue looked at each other, they were unwilling to give up, Fairy Ling Mei asked: "May I ask Lord Feng Jiu Ge, what is the criteria to inherit it, maybe we can achieve it, who knows."</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge's gaze had been fixed on Qin Bai Sheng, he did not dare to be careless.</p> 
<p>He said: "Do you know Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's origin? He is not a person of the five regions, he is from the outside world, an otherworldly demon. Thus, the inheritances that he left behind only have one requirement towards the inheritor, they have to be an otherworldly demon! I am obviously not one, brother Qin cannot be one, otherwise he would have inherited it long ago, why would he wait until now? Are you two otherworldly demons?"</p> 
<p>Before Ling Mei and Ao Xue replied, Qin Bai Sheng flicked his sleeves and laughed, he denied the possibility: "Impossible! All the Gu Immortals in the hundred days battle are not otherworldly demons. If not, why would I let any of you in here?"</p> 
<p>"Otherworldly demons? They really exist? Since the start of my life, I have never seen one."</p> 
<p>"Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was actually an otherworldly demon?"</p> 
<p>Ling Mei and Ao Xue were taken aback.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge nodded: "Even though otherworldly demons are rare, they exist. Since they come from beyond our world, then outside of the five regions and nine heavens, there are bound to be other worlds. Unfortunately, no one has ever ventured out of the Gu world."</p> 
<p>Ling Mei and Ao Xue looked at each other, they asked again:</p> 
<p>"Other than the five regions, there are really other worlds outside?"</p> 
<p>"Even if we cannot achieve this condition, the inheritance is fixed in place, while we humans are alive, don't tell me that even with Lord Feng Jiu Ge's power, you cannot take it forcefully?"</p> 
<p>They were unwilling to give up.</p> 
<p>This was a Thieving Heaven true inheritance!</p> 
<p>The experts could take the meat while they could have some soup, the two female immortals were not greedy for more, they just wanted to have a share of the loot.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng sneered: "Wishful thinking! Back then, even after Giant Sun Immortal Venerable became rank nine, he still returned empty-handed after encountering a Thieving Heaven true inheritance. Not only did he get nothing, he even suffered a loss and ended up in a pathetic state. Hehehe... if not for that, why would Giant Sun Immortal Venerable hate otherworldly demons to this extent. The two of you think you can obtain this true inheritance?"</p> 
<p>"There was such a thing?"</p> 
<p>"This is too absurd. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable is also a rank nine Gu Immortal, he could not even take one of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's true inheritances even after he died?"</p> 
<p>Ling Mei and Ao Xue stared with their beautiful eyes wide open, they half-believed and half-doubted this.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge did not refute it, he said solemnly: "Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's space path attainment was unfathomably deep, it surpasses the imagination of people. There is a theory: Because he was an otherworldly demon, when he became a space path Gu Immortal, a special type of space path dao mark was produced. These dao marks originate from another world, they are foreign to the five regions and nine heavens. The space we are in now, it seems ordinary, but it had already transcended the Gu world, it is not within the five regions and nine heavens. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable wanted to obtain the true inheritance, but he was afraid of the implications, thus he failed and suffered a loss, unable to do anything about it."</p> 
<p>Ling Mei and Ao Xue gasped in shock.</p> 
<p>The two of them were too inexperienced compared to Feng Jiu Ge and Qin Bai Sheng, this was the first time they had heard about such secrets regarding the venerables.</p> 
<p>At once, Ling Mei and Ao Xue felt their horizons expanding.</p> 
<p>But soon, they became worried and anxious.</p> 
<p>"Not even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could do anything to this mystical space, how can we get out?"</p> 
<p>"Don't worry, as long as we do not move, in fifteen minutes, we will be teleported out." Feng Jiu Ge replied confidently.</p> 
<p>If it were other Gu Immortals who landed here, they would use their methods to investigate. In that case, they would be in trouble. The time that they were trapped would be extended.</p> 
<p>But Spirit Affinity House possessed one of Thieving Heaven's true inheritances, and Feng Jiu Ge was a higher-up in Spirit Affinity House, he knew the proper way to leave this true inheritance.</p> 
<p>But at this moment, Qin Bai Sheng raised his head and laughed: "Feng Jiu Ge! Since I took great pains to lure you in here, how can I let you leave? Stay here for good."</p> 
<p>Saying this, Qin Bai Sheng struck.</p> 
<p>His powerful aura burst into the air.</p> 
<p>Ling Mei and Ao Xue acted like they were facing a strong foe.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge quickly said: "Don't move! In this place, it might seem like we are close to each other, but we are actually very far away from each other. He is trying to lure you to attack, once you do, this place will change and target whoever attacks. The stronger the attack, the greater the backlash from this place, and the longer you will be trapped. Do not fall into his trap!"</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge was very aware regarding this Thieving Heaven true inheritance.</p> 
<p>He was clear about the terrifying power of this mystical space. Even though he was proud and powerful, he did not dare to act rashly.</p> 
<p>Ling Mei and Ao Xue chose to believe Feng Jiu Ge, they held in their impulse and did not attack.</p> 
<p>But Qin Bai Sheng showed a weird smile: "Brother Feng is very confident, but it is a pity that your sect has not researched deeply enough into Thieving Heaven's true inheritances. I wonder what you will do against my next action?"</p> 
<p>He spoke calmly as he activated the Gu worms in his body, his aura burst out and reached its peak.</p> 
<p>"What is he trying to do?" Feng Jiu Ge felt something amiss, he focused himself, his gaze was like lightning, looking at Qin Bai Sheng fixedly.</p> 
<p>But at the next moment, Qin Bai Sheng's action was something out of the Central Continent immortals' expectations.</p> 
<p>They only heard Qin Bai Sheng recite —</p> 
<p>Even after experiencing fifty-four tribulations, the sky is still filled with tribulation clouds.</p> 
<p>The soul light in my chest pressures everyone, the sword qi in my fist dominates Northern Plains.</p> 
<p>Four hundred years passed rapidly, how can there be life without death?</p> 
<p>Discarding this ruined body to exchange for a clear breeze, I will sweep the heavens for countless light years!</p> 
<p>His voice was clear and loud, he spoke with a calm expression, his gaze showed a sign of expectation towards the future.</p> 
<p>After finishing this poem, he smiled lightly at Feng Jiu Ge.</p> 
<p>Next, he shut his eyes, all signs of life leaving his body!</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge frowned tightly, even during the hundred days battle, he did not show such an expression.</p> 
<p>At this moment, Qin Bai Sheng had actually ended his own life!!</p> 
<p>At the next moment, a clear breeze started from within Qin Bai Sheng's body.</p> 
<p>Behind Feng Jiu Ge, Ling Mei and Ao Xue's expressions changed, their voices were trembling from fear, they screamed: "Winds of assimilation!"</p> 
<p>As it turned out, in order to stop Feng Jiu Ge, Qin Bai Sheng had given up his own life, making the ultimate sacrifice.</p> 
<p>His method was ruthless, he directly destroyed his own immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>Once the immortal aperture was destroyed, without other immortal apertures to hold it, winds of assimilation started blowing.</p> 
<p>Winds of assimilation were extraordinary, they assimilated everything, even rank eight Gu Immortals had to avoid them at all costs.</p> 
<p>And in this mystical true inheritance space, if five finger fist heart sword or heaven and earth song were used, it would only be like a pebble tossed into a lake.</p> 
<p>At this moment, winds of assimilation blew, even though it was a clear breeze, the entire mystical space started shaking, it was as if water on a lake was boiled, there were ripples forming in the space unceasingly.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge had a solemn expression.</p> 
<p>Against Qin Bai Sheng's resolute attack, he had to face it with all of his ability, if he was careless, he would die.</p> 
<p>Behind him, Ling Mei and Ao Xue had activated their Gu worms, protecting their bodies.</p> 
<p>Even Feng Jiu Ge had to activate his Immortal Gu, of course they had to do the same.</p> 
<p>Leaving the mystical space was another issue now. They had to survive this crisis first.</p> 
<p>Otherwise, it would be a pointless thing to worry about!</p>
    </body>
</html>
