<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 759: Successful Extortion</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 759: Successful Extortion</h1>
        
        <p>But at the moment, Fang Yuan and Lang Ya land spirit's relationship had not deepened to the point of trading Immortal Gu recipes between them. Even when it came to mortal Gu recipes, Lang Ya land spirit treasured them greatly and refused to sell them.</p> 
<p>When it was related to matters involving the refinement of Gu, Lang Ya land spirit was always very stingy. Earlier, Fang Yuan was willing to pay a high price to buy his hairy men. However, these hairy man slaves were involved with the refinement of Gu, Lang Ya land spirit treated them like treasures and would not sell them, not to mention Gu recipes.</p> 
<p>But if Fang Yuan obtained eat strength Immortal Gu, the situation would improve drastically for him.</p> 
<p>Eat strength Immortal Gu could allow a Gu Immortal to grow strength path dao marks. Because of that, the dao marks that they gained would definitely be perfectly suited for their own body. Fang Yuan's cultivation level had stagnated, he could certainly rely on this Immortal Gu to make some form of compensation in that regard.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was moved now.</p> 
<p>One could say that as long as one was a strength path Gu Immortal, they would definitely be moved when they saw the eat strength Immortal Gu!</p> 
<p>"With this strength path Immortal Gu, I am not afraid that the other party will remain unmoved." Feng Jiu Ge sat down calmly, feeling very confident in his heart.</p> 
<p>Once this Gu appeared, almost all of the bids of the competitors for the Immortal Gu seemed much inferior. As long as one was not an idiot, they would be able to see the benefits of eat strength Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>"If I did not find out the flaw, I might have traded for this Gu already. What a pity for you…" Fang Yuan was laughing coldly to himself internally.</p> 
<p>At this time, from the twenty-third secret room, someone reported a price: "One iron crown eagle strength Immortal Gu, as well as fifteen drops of the immortal material rule eye blood."</p> 
<p>Hearing this voice, Fang Yuan's smile became wider.</p> 
<p>Earlier, he had used rising azure cloud Immortal Gu to exchange for an iron crown eagle strength Immortal Gu. But during that process, he did not expose his identity. He had confirmed the buyer through informing Qin Bai Sheng.</p> 
<p>Thus, other than Qin Bai Sheng himself, none of the other Gu Immortals present knew who the iron crown eagle strength Immortal Gu ended up with.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng had signed an agreement, he would naturally not leak any information on this.</p> 
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan could use it to bid freely.</p> 
<p>As for the person inside the twenty-third secret room, it was none other than Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>In order to obtain delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, Feng Jiu Ge had made many preparations earlier, asking Prince Feng Xian for help. How could Fang Yuan not make some prior arrangements himself?</p> 
<p>He had already asked Qin Bai Sheng and secretly changed Tai Bai Yun Sheng's room to another secret room.</p> 
<p>Even though Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not expose his or Fang Yuan's identity when he was in the eleventh secret room, it was undoubtedly much safer for him to change his room now.</p> 
<p>After Tai Bai Yun Sheng made the bid, Fang Yuan did not make any response for a long time.</p> 
<p>As time passed slowly, Feng Jiu Ge started to inwardly frown. Domination Immortal Chu Du had also started bidding. He offered another beast strength Immortal Gu, while also adding some immortal material in the bid.</p> 
<p>Chu Du did not want delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, but he had a use for it. He was a strength path Gu Immortal, the reason why he was giving up a strength path Immortal Gu was because he wanted the eat strength Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan chuckled lightly, he immediately understood Chu Du's intentions.</p> 
<p>It was Chu Du's own fault for exposing his identity, it forced him into a passive situation.</p> 
<p>Regarding Chu Du's sudden interference, Fang Yuan was happy to see such a situation, he remained silent as he allowed the auction to continue proceeding.</p> 
<p>Under his request, Tai Bai Yun Sheng continued to raise his bid again.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge frowned even more deeply, he had no choice but to start raising his bid as well.</p> 
<p>The moment he spoke, Tai Bai Yun Sheng would follow up and make a bid, his attitude was imposing, as if he definitely had to obtain this Immortal Gu no matter what.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge could not help but become suspicious: Was this eat strength Gu too unattractive to the person inside the tenth secret room? Or was he just trying to be greedy and was waiting for the bid to rise?</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge did not fall into the trap easily, he was the shining exemplar of a generation after all, he decided to pause now. That way, he could analyze the situation more clearly from the outside, he would also be able to probe Fang Yuan's true intentions.</p> 
<p>Swordmaster You Lan stopped bidding, it was as if she did not want to lose eat strength Immortal Gu, thus she had backed out of the competition.</p> 
<p>Such a situation quickly attracted the attention of all the Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>The happiest one was obviously Chu Du, he sent a message again and urged Feng Jiu Ge to sell the eat strength Immortal Gu to him.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge laughed lightly, rejecting him once again.</p> 
<p>Meanwhile, Fang Yuan instructed Tai Bai Yun Sheng to continue raising his bid.</p> 
<p>As the price increased steadily, it became very expensive, most of the Gu Immortals started backing out of this, they were stating that this price was too high.</p> 
<p>Eventually, only Chu Du and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were left bidding.</p> 
<p>Chu Du was currently having a tough time. His real motive was to obtain eat strength Immortal Gu, but Feng Jiu Ge refused to sell it to him, it seemed like he still wanted to bid for the delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Chu Du did not dare to be complacent, he quickly followed along with the bidding. On the one hand, he wanted to prevent the eat strength Immortal Gu from falling into someone else's possession, and on the other hand, if he obtained delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, he would have a huge chance of using it to trade Gu with Swordmaster You Lan.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's intentions were very simple and pure. He just did whatever his junior brother asked him to do. Even if he won the delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, that was fine! After all, whatever price he paid would still return to his own pockets.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge's strategy was also very simple. That was to sit this out for now and reap the spoils later, by the time the competition was almost over, he would jump in and raise the price by a huge margin, winning all at once.</p> 
<p>These three people, because of their own goals and intentions, created a stalemate by pure chance.</p> 
<p>As the situation continued to stall, after a few more rounds, someone among the Gu Immortals in the main hall came to a sudden realization, he shouted subconsciously: "Why is this delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu so popular now? There are so many immortal materials listed, the bid has reached such a high price!"</p> 
<p>The others quickly became aware of this fact as well.</p> 
<p>"That's right, it is so high now."</p> 
<p>"A wisdom path Immortal Gu that can only produce joyful will is actually reaching such a high price, this is a rare sight."</p> 
<p>"In my opinion, the only reason why this is reaching such a high price is due to the involvement of Lord Chu Du. He is willing to give up a strength path Immortal Gu in order to obtain Delight in Water and Mountain, I am sure he has his motives."</p> 
<p>Chu Du, who had just been mentioned, was not in a good state currently.</p> 
<p>His face was full of worries, his financial power right now was truly lacking.</p> 
<p>"Sigh, if I had known this, I would have stalled my tribulation." The intense pressure coming from Tai Bai Yun Sheng made Chu Du feel very uncomfortable.</p> 
<p>"Since when did I, the great Domination Immortal, get into such a pathetic state?" Chu Du had incredible battle strength, but in this huge auction, battle strength was not the key, it was one's financial power.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng got instructions from Fang Yuan and continued to raise his bid.</p> 
<p>Chu Du gritted his teeth and hung on.</p> 
<p>After severals rounds like this, delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu's price continued to rise under the eyes of all the Gu Immortals present.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng had been observing quietly, by this point, he could not help but praise inwardly: "This Sha Huang is really a brilliant person despite being an immortal zombie, he is not simple! But Chu Du's financial limits are already clear now, he is hesitating when bidding. If it were me, I would take the opportunity and sell it now."</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng knew: Although Fang Yuan's plan seemed simple, executing it was no easy feat. Having to plan matters out while simultaneously executing them, it required a lot of foresight and the ability to read people's minds. If he went overboard even a little, his profits would vanish like a puff of smoke.</p> 
<p>However, it seemed like Fang Yuan did not know what 'going overboard' meant, he continued getting Tai Bai Yun Sheng to raise the bid, acting imposingly.</p> 
<p>Chu Du was finally unable to continue, his forehead was full of sweat.</p> 
<p>His gaze pierced into the single room, looking at the direction of the twenty-third secret room, he was thinking about the person inside, he probably had a special need for delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, otherwise he would not bid at such a high price with an attitude of an unrelenting, fierce tiger.</p> 
<p>"So be it." Chu Du sighed deeply, keeping quiet as he stopped bidding.</p> 
<p>At this point, only Tai Bai Yun Sheng was left.</p> 
<p>But even so, Tai Bai Yun Sheng continued to report a bid, raising the price by another margin.</p> 
<p>Meanwhile, Swordmaster You Lan did not make a single sound, it was as if she had already backed out of the current bid.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed coldly, transmitting his decision to Qin Bai Sheng.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng heard this news and was first stunned, why was he selling it to his ally? But he quickly understood that perhaps Sha Huang and Bai Sheng were not as intimate as they appeared to be.</p> 
<p>He thought about this and his mind cleared up. But deep down, he still felt that there was something weird going on.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng shook his head mentally, he was on the stage and had no time to waste, he announced: "Twenty-third secret room, going once."</p> 
<p>After pausing for a short while, he continued: "Twenty-third secret room, going twice."</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortals in the main hall talked to themselves softly.</p> 
<p>"It seems that the victor of this round is the twenty-third secret room."</p> 
<p>"That's right, they seem to have great interest in Delight in Water and Mountain, even after Domination Immortal backed out, he still continued to raise the bid alone, his motive was to pull some distance and prevent the seller from having any intentions to sell the Immortal Gu at the last moment to Domination Immortal."</p> 
<p>"This price is truly very high, many of the immortal materials are making me drool. To think that towards the end of the auction, there is still such a high price being sold, this can squeeze into the top ten most expensive auction rounds."</p> 
<p>The situation was now set, Fang Yuan started to get nervous.</p> 
<p>He squinted his eyes as his heart wavered slightly: "Maybe… my analysis earlier was wrong?"</p> 
<p>"Twenty-third secret room, going thri…" Qin Bai Sheng shouted until here, before someone interrupted him.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge spoke: "Eat strength Immortal Gu, and on top of what the twenty-third secret room is bidding, I will add in another four hundred kilograms of red refinement metal!"</p> 
<p>Four hundred kilograms of red refinement metal, this elevated the price again. This was a huge bid that exceeded what Tai Bai Yun Sheng had done earlier in his individual bids.</p> 
<p>Everyone gasped sharply, they did not think that at the last moment, there would be such a huge change.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng was also stunned for a while.</p> 
<p>Chu Du's expression turned pale, but he soon sighed to himself gloomily.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed heartily: "Great, Swordmaster You Lan, you were truly very patient!"</p> 
<p>From the twenty-third secret room, Tai Bai Yun Sheng's voice could be heard, he sounded like he was extremely annoyed at his plan being thwarted, he continued to bid in an angry tone.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge laughed bitterly to himself, after observing for so long, he had already believed that the person inside the twenty-third secret room was serious about bidding.</p> 
<p>"My luck this time was truly horrible. The two Immortal Gu that I wanted to buy were both met with tough competitors. The most important thing was, these two competitors were very affluent and wealthy."</p> 
<p>"No, the auction did not disallow the exchanging of secret rooms. There is also another possibility, that the secret rooms all belong to one person. Maybe he knows about the matter of Water Pavilion? After all, Mo Yao did leave behind an inheritance… or maybe, it is the other nine sects of Central Continent that do not want to see my Spirit Affinity House regain…"</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge was a very intelligent person, but intelligent people tended to overthink matters.</p> 
<p>"Regardless of the situation, for the sake of Water Pavilion, I need to obtain this delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu no matter what!" Feng Jiu Ge quickly made up his mind, bidding again.</p> 
<p>He and Tai Bai Yun Sheng bid back and forth, both refusing to relent.</p> 
<p>Under the shocked gazes of the Gu Immortals, delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu's price continued to soar higher. It soon went into the top five prices.</p> 
<p>Soon after, it climbed to the second spot at an alarming rate.</p> 
<p>The highest price was naturally Feng Jiu Ge's two for one exchange to buy Fang Yuan's worldly wave trace Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>"Don't tell me I have to do a two for one exchange again?" Feng Jiu Ge's expression was cold and solemn, he finally experienced what Chu Du was feeling earlier, this was an overbearing pressure that was exerted on him constantly.</p> 
<p>No matter what price he bid, the person in the twenty-third secret room would immediately bid at a higher price.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge could not sit anymore, he started to pace around in his secret room.</p> 
<p>If a two for one exchange would guarantee him victory, he would do it even if he had to grit his teeth. But he felt something amiss deep within himself, yet he could not state clearly where the problem was.</p> 
<p>"If I do a two for one exchange again, someone who is paying attention might find out my true motive. That will be a huge hindrance when I try to find water harmony Gu in the future."</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge's target was Water Pavilion, but only two of the three core Immortal Gu appeared in the auction. He naturally wanted to obtain water harmony Gu as well.</p> 
<p>The weird feeling in Feng Jiu Ge's heart was making him feel a hint of unrest as well.</p> 
<p>He sat back in his seat, deciding to go on the offensive. He shouted his bid again, this time, he requested for the seller to state what he needed, and he would try to fulfill those demands.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan purposely paused for a moment, to give a false impression that he was in deep thought.</p> 
<p>Next, he gave Qin Bai Sheng a new requirement: a complete wisdom path inheritance.</p> 
<p>Everyone gasped loudly, this price was too high, to think that this person had the guts to say it!</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge was dumbfounded, he indeed had a wisdom path inheritance, but it was incomplete. The seller was acting like this, were they trying to prevent the Immortal Gu from being sold?</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly shouted: "I have an incomplete wisdom path inheritance in my hands."</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge rapidly followed up: "An incomplete wisdom path inheritance, I have that too."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng snorted coldly, he continued: "May the seller list another request, please!"</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortal looked around at each other, did they hear wrongly, the price was still going to increase further?!</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng was silent for a moment before replying for Fang Yuan: "The seller is requesting a killer move that can disguise one's identity, the one which is superior will win."</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge's heart tightened, the seller said that, they were obviously putting more emphasis on the disguising killer move.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly said: "I have a complete killer move, although it is a mortal killer move, it originated from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, it is called unfamiliar face!"</p> 
<p>Unfamiliar face? Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable!</p> 
<p>The main hall went into a huge commotion.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge's forehead was sweating, his arms were tightly grabbing the handle of his seat as his gaze shined anxiously, he hesitated for a moment before shouting as well: "I have a killer move, it is an incomplete immortal move, originating from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, called vaguely familiar face!"</p> 
<p>Everyone cried out in shock.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan stood up from his seat excitedly, his eyes shining with brilliance: "It seems that the rumors in my previous life were not baseless, Spirit Affinity House does indeed have the immortal killer move vaguely familiar face!"</p> 
<p>Spirit Affinity House had many good things, but most of their signature collection could not be extorted. Once he did, the other party would understand matters at once. Furthermore, this killer move was the most useful one to Fang Yuan himself.</p> 
<p>Even in his previous life, Spirit Affinity House had the killer move vaguely familiar face, but they did not spread any information about it. During the five regions chaotic war, when spies were abundant, they entered enemy territories and obtained many gains.</p> 
<p>After many times, Gu Immortals among both enemies and allied parties continued to analyze, and confirmed that this was the killer move, vaguely familiar face.</p> 
<p>But Spirit Affinity House refused to admit it.</p> 
<p>After all, as one of the ten great ancient sects, a leader of the righteous path, using a Demon Venerable's killer move was damaging to their reputation.</p> 
<p>What Fang Yuan did not know was, this immortal killer move belonged to Feng Jiu Ge. In his previous life, Feng Jiu Ge had contributed this killer move to his sect, thus, the rumors from his previous life were started.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not know this fact, and he did not guess that the person bidding was Feng Jiu Ge. But that did not stop him from extorting this killer move.</p> 
<p>Of course, Feng Jiu Ge would not hand over the entire complete immortal killer move to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>But an incomplete immortal killer move was already much better than the mortal killer move unfamiliar face.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan confirmed it on the spot, selling delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu to Swordmaster You Lan!</p> 
<p>In this way, not only would he receive a huge amount of immortal materials, filling up half of his list, he even obtained eat strength Immortal Gu, an incomplete wisdom path inheritance, as well as the incomplete immortal killer move vaguely familiar face.</p>
    </body>
</html>
