<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 811: Shocking Secret, Giving Up Cleanse Soul</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 811: Shocking Secret, Giving Up Cleanse Soul</h1>
        
        <p>Fang Yuan's expression was solemn, he continued to search Dong Fang Chang Fan's soul, no matter how much he persuaded him.</p> 
<p>This session was the longest so far, Fang Yuan searched Dong Fang Chang Fan's soul until all of his secrets were exposed.</p> 
<p>He learned about Dong Fang Chang Fan's life, the countless experiences he had.</p> 
<p>"Gu Immortal Han Dong is long since dead, after the phantom beast dragged him into the corpse mountain, he was supposed to be a captive, but he died in the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity."</p> 
<p>"So it turns out that Dong Fang Chang Fan had made arrangements in Jade Pool blessed land, using the rank six Immortal Gu House Thatched Hut as the core. But at the crucial moment, Thatched Hut went missing! This allowed us, the demonic path cultivators, to invade Jade Pool blessed land."</p> 
<p>"As expected... the moment I destroyed Dong Fang Yu Liang's body, and Dong Fang Chang Fan's soul left it, he self-detonated all of the Immortal Gu in his aperture!"</p> 
<p>"White lotus giant silkworm Gu! To think that Dong Fang Chang Fan used large amounts of white lotus giant silkworm Gu to improve his immortal soul... within his immortal aperture, there is still a batch of white lotus giant silkworm Gu left."</p> 
<p>"Dong Fang Chang Fan, looking at his whole life, he was unresigned to being ordinary, he was first a hero, then a champion."</p> 
<p>"Eh? This is — Purple Mountain True Monarch! Tai Bai Yun Sheng's time path inheritance was from this person. To think that Dong Fang Chang Fan's wisdom path inheritance was also from this mysterious old man!!!"</p> 
<p>The stream of secrets assaulted Fang Yuan one after another.</p> 
<p>After a long time, Fang Yuan finally reacted, he had completely taken in this huge amount of information.</p> 
<p>Purple Mountain True Monarch, this was just the name that Fang Yuan gave to the mysterious purple haired beggar. This mysterious old man seemed to have countless precious inheritances, his background must be very profound, his motives were unknown, it could be said that he played an extremely important role in Dong Fang Chang Fan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng's achievements today.</p> 
<p>For now, he shall be called Purple Mountain True Monarch.</p> 
<p>In Fang Yuan's memories of his previous life, he had no recollection of this Purple Mountain True Monarch, even during the five regions chaotic war, he did not appear, did he hide himself, did he have another identity, or did he die of old age? According to Dong Fang Chang Fan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng's situations, it seemed that this man was extremely old.</p> 
<p>"Forget Purple Mountain True Monarch for now, my cleanse soul Immortal Gu needs food, the amount of white lotus giant silkworm Gu is not enough, but it can alleviate my current problem. I did not want to bother with that blessed land for now, but it seems that I have no choice."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan destroyed Dong Fang Yu Liang's body, causing his immortal aperture to fall on the ground and become an ownerless blessed land.</p> 
<p>Unlike public blessed lands, these individual blessed lands would have land spirits, they were easy to defend and hard to take down.</p> 
<p>When Dong Fang Chang Fan lost, in order to prevent Fang Yuan from profiting, he destroyed all of his Immortal Gu, to prevent his enemy from getting stronger. But there were still a lot of mortal Gu in his immortal aperture, perhaps because they were cheap, or he did not place much value in them, or maybe he lost control of them too quickly. In any case, they were all preserved in his blessed land and were not destroyed.</p> 
<p>Not speaking of the other mortal Gu, but white lotus giant silkworm Gu was something Fang Yuan needed as food for Cleanse Soul.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan paced in the room as he thought about it.</p> 
<p>The Northern Plains Gu Immortal world was originally quite tranquil, but ever since Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed, it had produced huge consequences, it was like a giant tsunami. Northern Plains' Gu Immortals were furious, they wanted to find the culprit. But the Immortal Gu that escaped from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building caused Northern Plains' Gu Immortals to fight over them intensely, it created chaos in the Northern Plains Gu Immortal world.</p> 
<p>After the auction, with the rank eight Gu Immortals at the lead, the super forces discussed matters and the Northern Plains Gu Immortal world was no longer as chaotic, there were new rules in place. But because of Shadow Sect, and the Central Continent Gu Immortals, there were still turbulent undercurrents.</p> 
<p>Right now, with Fang Yuan's interference, a super force, Dong Fang tribe, was exterminated, the tranquility of the world of Northern Plains' Gu Immortals was ruined once again, turbulence swept the region.</p> 
<p>Currently, countless Gu Immortals from the righteous and demonic paths were fighting to seize resources in Jade Pool blessed land, it was a mess.</p> 
<p>Northern Plains' situation, it could be said to truly be in shambles!</p> 
<p>In fact, ever since Imperial Court blessed land was destroyed, Northern Plains had not had a day of peace, it had thoroughly deviated from its original path.</p> 
<p>Compared with his previous life's memories, Fang Yuan had a feeling: He seemed to have accidentally broken Northern Plains.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan took a risk just now, with some luck, he obtained the wisdom path inheritance, originally, he wanted to develop himself for some time, while helping Hu Immortal blessed land to survive the earthly calamity. Using the wisdom path inheritance, he would deduce the immortal killer move, vaguely familiar face.</p> 
<p>Based on the news he had, the current situation was quite tense, it would be best if he stayed away.</p> 
<p>But the allure of white lotus giant silkworm Gu was too great, Fang Yuan knew that even though he had some methods to keep it alive, cleanse soul Immortal Gu was reaching its limits from hunger, he needed to feed it white lotus giant silkworm Gu.</p> 
<p>"Immortal Gu are unique, but even though they are precious, cleanse soul Immortal Gu is not something I cannot live without. I have self strength Immortal Gu as the core now, even if cleanse soul Immortal Gu was destroyed, I would not be too greatly affected. Of course, if I could use it along with self strength Immortal Gu, the killer move myriad self might be able to become twice as powerful as now. Furthermore, it can even promote the growth of my soul foundation."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was hesitant.</p> 
<p>Although Cleanse Soul was good, it was not enough for him to risk his life.</p> 
<p>Immortal Gu were only tools, his life was most important. Fang Yuan was fully aware of this point from beginning to end, he would never be blinded by greed.</p> 
<p>A few days later.</p> 
<p>Northern Plains, at the place where Gu Immortal Qie Shi Min died.</p> 
<p>From time to time, there would be Gu Immortals appearing, both righteous and demonic. After staying here for some time, they would leave, trying to find the aura of the Immortal Gu in the air. Some tried to enter the blessed land that formed from Qie Shi Min's immortal aperture, but they left after failing.</p> 
<p>The Central Continent Gu Immortals were hiding far away, observing the situation, while using their divine senses to communicate.</p> 
<p>"The target has not appeared yet?"</p> 
<p>"Since they could kill Dong Fang Chang Fan and made many arrangements here to conceal Dong Fang Chang Fan's blessed land, they obviously want to keep it a secret. Very likely, they want to take down this blessed land, they also know that accidents can occur over time, they will definitely return."</p> 
<p>"That is not very likely by now. We have secretly stayed here for so many days, the other party might have discovered us already. With this opportunity, we might as well go to Jade Pool blessed land." Fairy Ling Mei said.</p> 
<p>"Hmph, are you saying that my Black Heaven Temple's signature immortal killer move, defending day and night, cannot conceal our presence and would be seen through easily?" Old Man Tian Long was immediately unhappy, retorting.</p> 
<p>Fairy Ling Mei went silent, she knew that her earlier words were slightly impudent. Black Heaven Temple was one of the ten great ancient sects, they needed to defend their reputation, their names could not be sullied.</p> 
<p>Fairy Ao Xue who was beside Fairy Ling Mei said: "I've heard that in Jade Pool blessed land, a ten thousand li zhi horse ran out."</p> 
<p>The meaning hidden in her words was very obvious, she was in agreement with Fairy Ling Mei's earlier suggestion, she also wanted to go to Jade Pool blessed land for its abundant resources.</p> 
<p>"Hmph, this trifling level of wealth can entice all of you? Don't forget why we are here. This immortal zombie is very suspicious, he has quite powerful battle strength in strength path, he is very likely to be immortal zombie Sha Huang!" Old Lord Can Yang was hidden to the side, interjecting in this.</p> 
<p>"Trifling level of wealth? You speak as if it's insignificant, even though Dong Fang tribe is inferior to our sects, it is also a super force. Their foundation, compared to individuals like us, is much deeper. Oh, Can Yang, your harvest just now was great, the reward from Immortal Crane Sect for the mission must be very profitable. You are benefiting greatly from this yourself, but you want the rest of us to suffer losses? Isn't this too much?" Chen Zhen Chi spoke resentfully.</p> 
<p>He had not completed his sect's missions yet, because Feng Jiu Ge called him over before he had finished.</p> 
<p>The others were in similar situations.</p> 
<p>Others might be afraid of Old Lord Can Yang's life chasing fire, but he was not. He was a flying grandmaster, and had the immortal killer move approaching body, even if life chasing fire was used on him, he could escape from it.</p> 
<p>In the Central Continent Gu Immortal world, there was a saying: 'Zhen Chi of the nine heavens, followed by Fei Yan'. 'Zhen Chi of the nine heavens' referred to Chen Zhen Chi, he could spread his wings and fly into the immemorial nine heavens, heaven and earth could not restrict him.</p> 
<p>The latter, 'followed by Fei Yan', referred to a Gu Immortal of Heavenly Lotus Sect, Bu Fei Yan, she was a female Gu Immortal who could move agilely in the sky, she was like a wisp of smoke that could dance in the air.</p> 
<p>Right now, the female Gu Immortal, Bu Fei Yan, had also come to Northern Plains, she represented Heavenly Lotus Sect of the ten great ancient sects, she was joining in the investigation of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building's collapse.</p> 
<p>At this moment, two flying grandmasters of the current generation were present.</p> 
<p>Chen Zhen Chi spoke, but Bu Fei Yan remained silent, not saying a word.</p> 
<p>Old Oracle, however, added: "Jade Pool blessed land was so easily taken down mainly because the rank six Immortal Gu House, Modest Thatched Hut, went missing mysteriously. I am not after those resources, but I have made a deduction, I deduced that clues about the culprit are in Jade Pool blessed land."</p> 
<p>"Modest Thatched Hut... heh, I would rather call it by its original name — Thatched Hut! Speaking of it, this Gu House was created by the Late Antiquity Era's Three Thatch Demon Immortal, it used up almost all of his wealth. During his later years, he roamed Northern Plains, becoming a grand overlord for a while. Three Thatch Demon Immortal had a daughter, he doted on her. At that time, Dong Fang tribe's Gu Immortal, Dong Fang Yu, and this woman were in love with each other, thus, he left the righteous path and went into the demonic path. After Three Thatch Demon Immortal died, he inherited this Thatched Hut, killing his wife and going back to the righteous path, returning to his tribe. To get rid of his past, Dong Fang Yu added in some other Gu into Thatched Hut, calling it Modest Thatched Hut. Its effect did not change at all, it was just for his own reputation." Wind Cloud Manor's Gu Immortal, Hong Chi Ming, spoke.</p> 
<p>Before he became an immortal, he explored Northern Plains while his cultivation level was that of a mortal, he lived there for some time. Thus, he knew about these details clearly.</p> 
<p>At this time, he mentioned this, his intention was also to go to Jade Pool blessed land to plunder for resources. But he did not say it, he was subtly hinting them.</p> 
<p>"Alright, how much longer are we going to stay here like this? Should we go to Jade Pool blessed land and search for clues? Or look for that Fairy Li Shan, since she fought together with that immortal zombie, they must have a close relationship, she certainly knows many secrets." A Gu Immortal was impatient.</p> 
<p>"No, Fairy Li Shan paid a heavy price and left this place after obtaining Miniscule Mountain. Right now, she is hiding inside Snowy Mountain blessed land. That is a den of Northern Plains' demonic path, if it was like in the past, it would be fine. But now, Old Ancestor Xue Hu is trying to refine fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu, he is overseeing matters there."</p>
    </body>
</html>
