<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 892: Alcohol and Food, Fishing for Sharks</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 892: Alcohol and Food, Fishing for Sharks</h1>
        <p><a epub:type="noteref" href="#n1"></a></p>
        <p>The banquet's atmosphere was very cohesive.</p> 
<p>Even though this attack on Yu Lu blessed land caused everyone to end up suffering losses, after they left, Shark Demon still kindly invited Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Fang Yuan to his home as guests.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's man as before Immortal Gu was something Shark Demon needed. Fang Yuan, who was under the identity of Xing Xiang Zi, had deep wisdom path attainment, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man saw his value, especially in their attempt to take down Yu Lu blessed land.</p> 
<p>Thus, Shark Demon invited Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, it was not a surprise.</p> 
<p>Shark Demon stayed in a place called Shark Sea.</p> 
<p>This was a huge sea area, being over three million square kilometers, this Shark Sea was of similar size to the South China Sea on Earth.</p> 
<p>That was to say, it was as if the entire South China Sea belonged to Shark Demon alone.</p> 
<p>Everything inside the sea area, countless types of sharks, seaweed and aquatic plants, the rocks on the seabed, the huge amount of sea water, all of them were Shark Demon's possession.</p> 
<p>Like in Northern Plains, where fertile grasslands were split up between people, in Eastern Sea, sea areas that were rich with resources were also distributed among people.</p> 
<p>Even though Shark Demon was an immortal zombie, he had immense strength, he had the ability to control this sea area.</p> 
<p>His palace was at the bottom of the sea, at the center of this Shark Sea area.</p> 
<p>During the banquet, there were all sorts of food from Eastern Sea, they were delicious and filled with the local flavors.</p> 
<p>No matter what the intentions of both sides were, on the surface, this was a very effective banquet, there was a harmonious atmosphere.</p> 
<p>Shark Demon enjoyed his delicious wine, even though he was an immortal zombie, with the help of Gu worms, he could temporarily regain his sense of taste.</p> 
<p>Soon after, he put down his wine cup, at his will, the top of his majestic and beautiful palace turned transparent.</p> 
<p>"Everyone, take a look, these are divine spear sharks, these are shattering teeth golden sharks, and over there are silver scale great treasure sharks... these are all pets that I had nurtured with much effort." Shark Demon pointed, not concealing his proud feelings at all.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan raised his head and looked, only to see that the seawater was dark and dim, the palace lights could only shine for ten meters of distance ahead.</p> 
<p>The underwater palace was shining in bright lights, if seen from the outside, it was like a huge oddly shaped jewel that was emitting a warm light.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had his investigative killer moves, the dark seawater could not obstruct him.</p> 
<p>He soon saw the sharks that Shark Demon was referring to.</p> 
<p>The divine spear sharks moved around alone, they had a peculiar appearance, the tip of their heads were sharp, they were in the shape of long spears. Their bodies were not covered in smooth shark skin, but had a bony texture.</p> 
<p>The divine spear sharks swam around in the sea, charging around with no fear. The spear on their heads was very sharp, while not inhibiting their advancement. Everywhere they went, underwater rocks were smashed as pathways was created by them.</p> 
<p>As for the shattering teeth golden sharks, they were the most numerous, two to three hundred formed into one group.</p> 
<p>These sharks had very small and sharp teeth, when the shattering teeth golden sharks opened their mouths, Fang Yuan could see that in their mouths, both upper and lower jaws, they had six rows of sharp teeth.</p> 
<p>Even though these golden sharks were carnivores, they did not prey on large fish, instead they were like whales, they only ate small fish and prawns. The six rows of teeth formed six tight defenses, separating the sand from fish and prawns. No matter how small the fish were, they could not escape from the golden sharks.</p> 
<p>Silver scale great treasure sharks were the largest, they would be around the sizes of small whales from Earth.</p> 
<p>This type of treasure shark lived in a family of three or four. Usually, they would move about casually, when food appeared, they would move quickly and hunt.</p> 
<p>Even though the silver scale great treasure shark had a huge body, its body did not match the incredible speed it could display.</p> 
<p>Once it moved, its speed was extremely fast, it would be like a flash of silver lightning in the depths of the sea!</p> 
<p>Silver scale great treasure sharks had the most rogue nature, instead of hunting other fish, they ate other sharks as food.</p> 
<p>Of course, if it were the stronger sharks like the divine spear sharks or shattering teeth golden sharks, the treasure sharks would not go after them if they had sufficient food.</p> 
<p>"How is it, the fish that I am raising, are they alright?" Shark Demon looked at how Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were dazed, he felt incredibly pleased.</p> 
<p>"More than alright. These sharks are all lively and energetic, they were raised well. This sea area has all sorts of creatures living in a well balanced habitat, these sharks all have a lot of Gu worms in them, I even saw one or two desolate beast sharks earlier." Fang Yuan said.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng also sighed, he nodded: "No wonder Eastern Sea is the region with the most abundant resources, this sea area already showcases a lot to me."</p> 
<p>Shark Demon raised his head slightly as he laughed.</p> 
<p>Su Bai Man was beside him, she smiled: "Please do not praise him so much. My husband's hobby is to raise these sharks in his free time, he particularly enjoys hearing the praise of others towards these sharks."</p> 
<p>During the banquet, be it Shark Demon or Su Bai Man, they were much more amicable than in Yu Lu blessed land.</p> 
<p>These two could differentiate work from social life, during public occasions, they had to control the situation, thus they were stern and serious, without any hint of carelessness. Privately, they were hospitable and warm, by making jokes at times, they could make other people feel much closer to them.</p> 
<p>This couple not only had great battle strength, they also had a lot of experience in human interaction. It was no wonder they could obtain such an important mission like attacking Yu Lu blessed land from Zombie Alliance after much competition.</p> 
<p>Even though Shark Demon and Su Bai Man had invested a lot into Yu Lu blessed land, having made a huge loss already, losing a lot of their wealth, if Yu Lu blessed land were to be successfully taken down, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man would receive ten times or even dozens of times as much profits!</p> 
<p>Most immortal zombies would not undertake such important missions.</p> 
<p>Only Su Bai Man and Shark Demon, these veteran experts, had the foundation to support an immense expenditure in the early stages.</p> 
<p>Hearing the praise from Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Shark Demon smiled: "You flatter me, hahaha. Actually, this sea area is only ranked forty-sixth among the list of Eastern Sea's sea areas. Above my sea area, there is the elegant splendorous sea area, the flourishing bumpy sea area, and a Song clan Gu Immortal's, Song Yi Shi's poetic emotion sea area."</p> 
<p id="r1">"Both of you have not been in Eastern Sea for long, you might not have seen the ten great sea areas in Eastern Sea. These ten sea areas are all incredible. Rainbow Island's rainbow sea area, the seawater is beautiful and in all colors, and yet the colors do not smudge. Boundless forest sea area has trees that are thousands of meters tall growing under the sea, the tree crowns can penetrate the water surface, and the huge number of trees form a huge underwater forest. For the mermen sea area, female mermen<a epub:type="noteref" href="#n1" role="doc-noteref">[1]</a> are extremely amorous, there are countless mermen living there, they have incredible strength, being one of Eastern Sea's top ten super forces."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard all these as his expression froze, he sighed again: "The world is vast, nature is also vast, Eastern Sea has so many precious resources, and countless talents, we can truly feel how insignificant each of us are."</p> 
<p>"Mermen..." Fang Yuan's heart moved, he thought of a certain memory in his previous life.</p> 
<p>After eating the food, the banquet was reaching its end, Shark Demon said: "Since this is the first time that both of you are here, I have prepared some small gifts, please do accept them."</p> 
<p>This was an obvious way to improve their relationship.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not reject him, he wanted to get closer to Shark Demon anyway, he showed a look of joy as he cupped his fists: "Then I will thank Lord Shark Demon in advance."</p> 
<p>Shark Demon laughed heartily, he clapped: "Good, I like the forthright nature of Northern Plains Gu Immortals. But for the gifts I prepared, you will have to collect them yourselves."</p> 
<p>"Oh?" Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked at each other with a sense of confusion.</p> 
<p>Su Bai Man explained while concealing her smile: "Both of you might not know, my husband does not invite guests here very often. But when he does, he would gift them some sharks. The guest would need to catch the sharks themselves, as for how many and what type of sharks they get, that would be decided by the guest's ability."</p> 
<p>"So that's it." Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Fang Yuan realized.</p> 
<p>"Please start moving. You only have seven minutes, during this period, you need to stay inside the palace, it will be against the rules if you go out." Shark Demon said.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was very interested, these sharks were in top-notch condition, they were very valuable. Even if he could not use them, he could sell them for a huge sum of immortal essence stones.</p> 
<p>Moreover, there were sharks that suited him here.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's was moved, he thought of something: "Isn't this the famous shark fishing banquet from my previous life?"</p> 
<p>In his previous life, by the time Fang Yuan came to Eastern Sea, Shark Demon and Su Bai Man had already died, the cause was unknown.</p> 
<p>This shark sea became someone else's possession.</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortal who occupied this place, Zhu Xing Bo, was very hospitable and had a wide network of friendships. While holding a banquet, he also played this game, allowing his guests to fish for sharks in the palace.</p> 
<p>It turned out that the origin of this was Shark Demon, Gu Immortal Zhu Xing Bo was only imitating him.</p> 
<p>The fishing had started, they had limited time, Fang Yuan resisted his urge to enter the sea to take a look.</p> 
<p>There were many groups of sharks swimming around freely near the underwater palace.</p> 
<p>"Among these sharks, the ones with the highest value are those that Shark Demon pointed out earlier: Divine spear shark, shattering teeth golden shark, and silver scale great treasure shark. But these sharks do not suit me."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought in his mind.</p> 
<p>The ones which suited him were blood fiend sharks and star mark sharks. The former was suitable for Hu Immortal blessed land after the blood calamity, the latter suited Star Form blessed land, they could be raised in the most central lake.</p> 
<p>However, the quantity of these two types of sharks was far less than the divine spear shark, shattering teeth golden shark, and silver scale great treasure shark.</p> 
<p>It was because the ferocity of the blood fiend shark and star mark shark was inferior to the divine spear shark, shattering teeth golden shark, and silver scale great treasure shark.</p> 
<p>This underwater palace was Shark Demon's place of residence. During normal times, when Shark Demon had the time, he would toss fresh food and cause the sharks to fight for them. As time passed, this place became the sanctuary of the sharks, the strongest shark groups would stay here.</p> 
<p>It was difficult for Fang Yuan to obtain blood fiend sharks and star mark sharks.</p> 
<p>He was inside the underwater palace, he could not travel around and capture sharks in the water.</p> 
<p>This was only a game, Shark Demon was not generous enough to let others capture sharks in his sea area casually.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan felt some regret, but he had to give up on the blood fiend sharks and star mark sharks.</p> 
<p>As for the divine spear sharks, shattering teeth golden sharks, and silver scale great treasure sharks, he did not want them. After two months of accumulation, he already had five to six hundred immortal essence stones, with such wealth, he did not need such a small amount.</p> 
<p>How many divine spear sharks, shattering teeth golden sharks, and silver scale great treasure sharks could be obtained in seven minutes?</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was not skilled in capturing beasts, using an immortal killer move to capture beasts was too wasteful, unless he was trying to capture desolate beasts.</p> 
<p id="n1" role="doc-footnote" epub:type="footnote">[1] Mermen as a race refers to both males and females in this novel <a href="#r1">Back</a></p>
    </body>
</html>
