<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 865: Heavenly Wish</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 865: Heavenly Wish</h1>
        
        <p>Rumble...</p> 
<p>The explosions had been ongoing for three days and two nights.</p> 
<p>White Sea Shatuo's group did not stop attacking for even a moment.</p> 
<p>Countless mortal killer moves, mixed in with some immortal killer moves, slammed onto the Immortal Gu House, Sacred Feather City.</p> 
<p>Sacred Feather City shook intensely, more than half of its troops had already died, despair was spreading.</p> 
<p>"Our loss is imminent, we should try and break out of their siege!" A Featherman Gu Immortal, Zhou Zhong, suggested.</p> 
<p>"Sacred Feather City has already been immobilized by their methods, without this Immortal Gu House, how can we break out?" The other featherman Gu Immortal, Zheng Ling, asked in return.</p> 
<p>There were three Gu Immortals in Sacred Feather City, one had already died, only the rank seven Gu Immortal, Zheng Ling, and the rank six Zhou Zhong were left.</p> 
<p>"Lord Zheng Ling, the situation is critical, I will be frank." Zhou Zhong's expression was solemn: "Earlier, Sacred Feather City became encircled because you were not willing to give up this area, that was why the enemy had time to set up their arrangements. Now, if lord still refuses to cut our losses short and be decisive, we might lose our lives here! I am not afraid of dying, but there are countless innocent citizens in the city, they will perish too. Even if these enemies spare them, they will train them to become slaves, and they will have to serve those humans for life!"</p> 
<p>Zheng Ling heard these words and finally had a realization.</p> 
<p>He looked at Zhou Zhong, tears shined in his eyes as he said: "You are right, I was muddleheaded!"</p> 
<p>Zhou Zhong urged him: "Lord, I can understand your decision. Right now, the world is ruled by humans, we variant humans have no place to live in. This world is a fragment world of green heaven among the immemorial nine heavens, it is isolated from the outside world and is a paradise, we should not give up on it easily. But right now, we have no choice but to abandon it."</p> 
<p>Zheng Ling frowned: "Right now, Sacred Feather City is being restricted, if we want to escape with our citizens, there is only one way."</p> 
<p>Zhou Zhong agreed immediately: "That is right, we have to use the immortal killer move, heavenly wish!"</p> 
<p>Thus, an hour later, the remaining feathermen were summoned, gathering around the arena.</p> 
<p>"I wish — my clan's feathermen, survive!"</p> 
<p>"I wish — my clan's feathermen, gain freedom!"</p> 
<p>"I wish — my clan's feathermen, have a place to live in the world!"</p> 
<p>Tens of thousands of feathermen shouted, under the guidance of Zhou Zhong and Zheng Ling, the entirety of Sacred Feather City started to shine in a pure white light.</p> 
<p>The light was a few meters tall initially, but it soon grew and reached dozens of meters.</p> 
<p>"Lord White Sea Shatuo, the other party is making a move, aren't we doing anything to disrupt them?" A female Gu Immortal, Tang Yang Ran, asked.</p> 
<p>"No need to worry, I had predicted this situation already. What I want is this Immortal Gu House, they cannot take it away." White Sea Shatuo explained as he ordered the rest of them: "Don't stop attacking, just maintain the status quo, don't interrupt them, let them escape."</p> 
<p>Northern Plains, Tai Bai blessed land.</p> 
<p>The sky was clear like crystal, the ground was desolate.</p> 
<p>Accompanied by Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Fang Yuan went on a tour of this high grade blessed land.</p> 
<p>This was not the first time Fang Yuan had come to Tai Bai blessed land, but this was the first time he came alongside Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>Only after a Gu Immortal placed their immortal apertures down, would they be able to enter it themselves and manipulate it personally.</p> 
<p>Ordinarily, the immortal aperture was hidden within the Gu Immortal's body. But when they placed the immortal aperture outside in the main world, the Gu Immortal would be inside the immortal aperture instead.</p> 
<p>Gu Immortals and their immortal apertures were a single entity. When the immortal aperture is placed outside, the Gu Immortal cannot leave the immortal aperture and move outside.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai blessed land was a high grade blessed land, it has a huge landmass of about four thousand seven hundred square kilometers. It had a lot of time path resources, one day in the outside world was thirty-three days inside.</p> 
<p>Of course, after Tai Bai blessed land was placed to absorb the heaven and earth qi of the outside world, it was connected to Northern Plains. The time flow had slowed down to twelve days.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai blessed land was well managed by Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>Disregarding the float ball tea in the sky, or the jade peak bird group, there were large numbers of sky chief clouds that had flowers growing on them in the sky, sparrowhawks were flying around them.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng had already started building his third source of revenue.</p> 
<p>His first source of revenue was Landscape as Before. Repairing blessed lands for Gu Immortals, and repairing the landscape of the five regions, this was Tai Bai Yun Sheng's greatest source of income, not only could it raise his wealth, he could also build relationships. It was essentially comparable with Fairy Li Shan's mountain pledge Gu.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's second source of revenue was the float ball tea. Each season, Tai Bai blessed land would produce a huge quantity of float ball tea grass.</p> 
<p>This tea grass could be sold to the market in Eastern Sea. With the help of Zombie Alliance's Shark Demon immortal zombie, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had already entered their market. But this business had a competitive market, there was little profit. Each season's gains was less than what Tai Bai Yun Sheng earned from helping other Gu Immortals repair their immortal apertures.</p> 
<p>"I plan to use luck path mortal Gu as my third income source. There are more than a hundred thousand sparrowhawks that migrated here, they have wild insects on them, and large numbers of cloud path mortal Gu would be produced from these insects. But all this will depend on my upcoming earthly calamity, if I pass it successfully, and my blessed land gains cloud path dao marks, that would be best."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng described his goals and expectations to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Precisely because of this, he did not move the resources in his blessed land outside.</p> 
<p>It was to 'draw out' the corresponding earthly calamity, so that after the earthly calamity, Tai Bai blessed land could gain a number of cloud path dao marks.</p> 
<p>Fortune and disaster coexist.</p> 
<p>Earlier, when Fang Yuan helped Hu Immortal blessed land undergo the tribulation, he moved out almost all of the precious resources. In the end, he faced a blood path earthly calamity, and Hu Immortal blessed land gained blood path dao marks.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan did not move these resources away, there might have been a change, and other earthly calamities might have showed up. For example, fire path dao marks that suited the eerie fire dragon pythons, wisdom path dao marks that suited the regretful spiders, or water path dao marks that suited the dragonfish.</p> 
<p>The addition of these dao marks was very helpful for resources related to them.</p> 
<p>But there was a flaw in this.</p> 
<p>When the earthly calamity strikes, these precious resources would suffer great losses.</p> 
<p>In other words, loss now was for the benefit of the future, they were trying to gain long term profits.</p> 
<p>Of course, heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities did not always go as one wished. This was only a possibility. There was a chance that even if Fang Yuan kept these resources, the blood poison kerria flower earthly calamity would still come, in that case, his losses would be huge.</p> 
<p>After all, heaven's will was unfathomable.</p> 
<p>Right now, Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not move the resources away, he was trying to lure out the cloud path earthly calamity.</p> 
<p>Whether he could succeed or not was unknown, Fang Yuan was unsure as well, but he consoled him: "I had already used the killer move, time assist luck, on you before the earthly calamity, who knows, you might get what you wished for."</p> 
<p>Speaking of which, the immortal killer move time assist luck had been modified during this period by Fang Yuan using the light of wisdom.</p> 
<p>Right now, Fang Yuan was gradually understanding what great use wisdom Gu truly had.</p> 
<p>Even though he could only use the light of wisdom, just that alone could push his cultivation journey ahead greatly.</p> 
<p>"Eh?" Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt something, his expression changed: "The earthly calamity is here."</p> 
<p>The entirety of Tai Bai blessed land started to shake, large amounts of earth qi burst out from the ground, while small quantities of heaven qi drooped down from the sky.</p> 
<p>There was a burst of mystical light, as from within the profound light, the wishes and prayers of countless living beings could be heard.</p> 
<p>"I wish — my clan's feathermen, survive!"</p> 
<p>"I wish — my clan's feathermen, gain freedom!"</p> 
<p>"I wish — my clan's feathermen, have a place to live in the world!"</p> 
<p>The mystical light disappeared, at the western part of the blessed land, there were tens of thousands of feathermen.</p> 
<p>"What earthly calamity is this?" Immediately, even Fang Yuan was shocked, he had never seen such a peculiar earthly calamity!</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng fell into deep contemplation.</p> 
<p>"What place is this?" A featherman Gu Immortal, Zhou Zhong, looked around with an expression of vigilance.</p> 
<p>After using the immortal killer move heavenly wish, a strong force teleported all of the feathermen in Sacred Feather City away.</p> 
<p>An empty Sacred Feather City was left, White Sea Shatuo had great foresight, he obtained this Immortal Gu House without wasting much effort.</p> 
<p>Seeing that Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were flying over, the featherman Gu Immortal Zheng Ling's expression changed: "Oh no! This is a certain human Gu Immortal's blessed land! We were treated as an earthly calamity and were teleported here."</p> 
<p>Zhou Zhong showed an expression of shock: "How can this be? Wouldn't our enemies still be Gu Immortals?"</p> 
<p>"We are facing two rank six Gu Immortals, and one is an immortal zombie with bottom tier cultivation level. What are you afraid of?" Zheng Ling laughed loudly: "Kill them and we can obtain this small world. Just like what we wished, even though this place is inferior to the green heaven fragment world, it is enough for our tribe to live. Strike!"</p> 
<p>Zheng Ling said this as he flew out, when he was thousands of steps away from Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Fang Yuan, he pushed with his hands.</p> 
<p>Whoosh!</p> 
<p>Wind blew, a solid wind wall was formed, it pushed towards Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng with an imposing aura.</p> 
<p>This was an immortal killer move that Zheng Ling poured all his frustrations into. He was unable to do anything to White Sea Shatuo, he vented all of his frustrations towards Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>Seeing the wind wall pressing at them, Fang Yuan pulled Tai Bai Yun Sheng behind him and snorted with disdain: "A pitiful trick."</p> 
<p>Myriad Self First Style — Giant Hand!</p> 
<p>Rumble!</p> 
<p>The strength path giant hand pushed forth and destroyed the wind wall, then, with its remaining force, it slammed towards Zheng Ling.</p> 
<p>Zhou Zhong and Zheng Ling's expressions changed, they looked at Fang Yuan's giant hand like they were seeing a ghost.</p> 
<p>"What?"</p> 
<p>"Merely a bottom tier rank six immortal zombie, he actually has rank seven battle strength!"</p> 
<p>The two featherman Gu Immortals knew that they were facing a tough foe, Zheng Ling's expression was very bitter. If this were to be normal times, he would not be afraid of Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>But after an intense battle with White Sea Shatuo and the others, his battle strength had decreased by a lot.</p> 
<p>The rank six Zhou Zhong was in an even worse condition.</p> 
<p>"Hold on, we can talk this out. I was rash earlier and attacked, please forgive me for offending you!" Zheng Ling shouted: "We have our difficulties, we had no choice but to enter your blessed land."</p> 
<p>He asked them to hold on, but Fang Yuan responded at lightning speed.</p> 
<p>Not only this, he summoned five strength path giant hands and encircled them.</p> 
<p>"Since you are here, don't think of leaving." Fang Yuan raised his head and laughed.</p>
    </body>
</html>
