<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 902: Heavily Developing Star Form Blessed Land</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 902: Heavily Developing Star Form Blessed Land</h1>
        
        <p>Fang Yuan entered Star Form blessed land.</p> 
<p>Star Form blessed land's heaven and earth qi were greatly affected by the relocation, intense earthquakes occurred in Star Form blessed land.</p> 
<p>Only until Star Form blessed land was placed down and started to absorb the endless amount of earth qi did it stabilize, as the earthquakes ceased.</p> 
<p>At this moment, Fang Yuan looked over it, the vast landscape was filled with cracks and crevices, dark smoke rose up from burning flames.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's heart sank slightly, he sighed deeply.</p> 
<p>This was something he had no other way to deal with.</p> 
<p>Because to transplant the immortal aperture, he could not interrupt the activation of the two Immortal Gu formations. Thus, even if Fang Yuan had methods involving Immortal Gu, he could not use defensive or protection methods on Star Form blessed land.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit had once told Fang Yuan about this, Lang Ya blessed land's losses were far greater than Fang Yuan's Star Form blessed land.</p> 
<p>Thus, ordinarily, the blessed land would not be relocated.</p> 
<p>"Where is the land spirit?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan called out.</p> 
<p>Star Form land spirit's eyes were red, he did not understand why his master wanted to move.</p> 
<p>Under Star Form land spirit's guidance, Fang Yuan started inspecting Star Form blessed land.</p> 
<p>He first had to inspect Star Form blessed land's four sources of revenue, the arrow bamboo forest, broken star lake, meteorite pit, and the star fragment grass fields.</p> 
<p>Broken star lake's water was flowing along a huge crack, there were piles of seaweed at the bottom of the lake, there was still some water left inside, it had not dried up completely yet.</p> 
<p>Landscape as Before!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan took out the Immortal Gu and poured his immortal essence into it.</p> 
<p>Landscape as before Immortal Gu gave off a white light, sweeping over the broken star lake.</p> 
<p>Immediately, the ground below broken star lake mended, the lake water filled up and returned to its original state. But the loss of seaweed was still going to affect the production of star river Gu for a period of time in the future.</p> 
<p>There was nothing inside the water, only seaweed and aquatic plants were floating around. The original palace below the lake was completely destroyed. Landscape as Before could not restore things like man made buildings.</p> 
<p>But the fish groups, insect groups, and Gu groups that were inside this lake did not die from the earthquakes. Fang Yuan had moved them into Hu Immortal blessed land long ago.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's immortal aperture was a dead land, living beings could not live inside for long.</p> 
<p>Afterwards, Fang Yuan went to arrow bamboo forest, meteorite pit, and star fragment grass fields to inspect them.</p> 
<p>Out of his expectations, arrow bamboo forest was unharmed. Beside the arrow bamboo forest, there were two long cracks, they narrowly grazed the edge of the forest, it was truly a close call.</p> 
<p>The arrow bamboo forest was the biggest plantation in Star Form blessed land, Fang Yuan had already collected most of the resources there and kept them in Hu Immortal blessed land.</p> 
<p>To think that arrow bamboo forest dodged this crisis, it was truly a stroke of good luck.</p> 
<p>But the meteorite pit and the star fragment grass fields were not so lucky. The meteorite pit suffered huge damage, it was nearly unrecognizable. As for the star fragment grass fields, because of the fire, some had been burned into ashes, at first glance, it was a barren land.</p> 
<p>Under the effect of Landscape as Before, the meteorite pit was restored to normal, and even the terrain of the star fragment grass field had been restored.</p> 
<p>"Landscape as before Immortal Gu is truly useful, with it, my losses shrunk by at least eighty percent! And since I already moved out most of my resources beforehand, Star Form blessed land only suffered a minor loss in the end, even though there was huge destruction that occurred."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought as he looked around, he used Landscape as Before to restore the landscape of Star Form blessed land, but that expended a lot of green grape immortal essence.</p> 
<p>He did not repair everything, he left some cracks in the ground as they had been.</p> 
<p>He had a stroke of inspiration: "Maybe I can use this chance and turn the cracks in the ground into river channels, creating a network that can spread throughout the entirety of Star Form blessed land. But Star Form blessed land has a unique terrain, as for how I can make this a reality, I will need to use the light of wisdom and think over it."</p> 
<p>Next, Fang Yuan used Fixed Immortal Travel and went to Lang Ya land spirit, returning the Immortal Gu back to Lang Ya land spirit.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit returned the Immortal Gu that had been held as collateral to Fang Yuan as he said: "If you need to relocate anything else, you can find me again."</p> 
<p>After all, he had earned a huge sum just now, in a short time, he earned more than two thousand immortal essence stones.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit continued: "If you join my Lang Ya sect, and become a supreme elder, in the future when you relocate your blessed land, I can give you a huge discount when borrowing Immortal Gu!"</p> 
<p>"I will think about it." Fang Yuan replied half-heartedly.</p> 
<p>He had only wanted to obtain benefits from Lang Ya land spirit, he did not want to be tied together with these hairy men.</p> 
<p>Once he joined, he would be unable to go away, he would lose his freedom. He would not make such a stupid decision.</p> 
<p>Next, Fang Yuan used Fixed Immortal Travel and entered Tai Bai Yun Sheng's immortal aperture, returning Landscape as Before to him.</p> 
<p>In the immortal aperture, Fang Yuan asked about Eastern Sea's information from Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng told him that Song Yi Shi and the others were searching for him all over the place, some people had approached Tai Bai Yun Sheng as a result.</p> 
<p>"Looking at the situation, our relationship would be exposed in a short while." Fang Yuan muttered.</p> 
<p>"I suggest that you contact Shark Demon and join Eastern Sea Zombie Alliance. Relying on Zombie Alliance, you will be able to resolve this." Tai Bai Yun Sheng said.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was not anxious, his plan was unaffected by external pressure, he shook his head: "It is still not time yet, there are still more than ten days from the next attack on Yu Lu blessed land, let's wait and see."</p> 
<p>Hu Immortal blessed land, tens of days later.</p> 
<p>Underground cave.</p> 
<p>Bathed in the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan opened his eyes, letting out a breath of turbid air.</p> 
<p>"I still failed after all." He muttered, standing up slowly.</p> 
<p>He was sitting down on a small mushroom stump, he used it as a stool.</p> 
<p>But such short stumps were very rare now.</p> 
<p>Right now, the underground cave was a huge zhi forest, these lingzhi were very different from before, not only were they tall and thick, they were red in color. This was because of Hu Immortal blessed land's seventh earthly calamity, the blood poison kerria flowers, because of that opportunity, the ordinary zhi forest became a blood zhi forest.</p> 
<p>Hu Immortal blessed land's soil was originally not suited for the growth of zhi forests, but now it has become a blood zhi forest, it could grow very well.</p> 
<p>But this zhi forest would need one or two hundred years to expand and growing into a true forest, by creating more space and pushing aside the soil and rocks.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not have much expectations towards this blood zhi forest, he was not going to invest into it.</p> 
<p>These last days, Fang Yuan had neither slept nor rested, he was putting in all his effort into developing Star Form blessed land.</p> 
<p>Once his identity was exposed, everyone would know that he was the culprit behind the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. Hu Immortal blessed land would have to be given up, Star Form blessed land would become his only base by then.</p> 
<p>By that point, if Fang Yuan was still an immortal zombie and had not revived, Star Form blessed land would have an even more important role to Fang Yuan, having immense value and use.</p> 
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan's focus had already shifted from Hu Immortal blessed land to Star Form blessed land.</p> 
<p>As for the plan of developing Star Form blessed land, Fang Yuan had already thought about it dozens of days ago using the light of wisdom.</p> 
<p>According to his earlier inspiration, he would build a huge river system in Star Form blessed land, the actual plan after deducing it properly was grander. The entire water river system would not only be on the ground, he would even encompass the sky into it, he was going to create a huge three dimensional river system.</p> 
<p>This made use of Star Form blessed land's unique terrain.</p> 
<p>Star Form blessed land had a depression at the center, while having high altitude around the sides, it resembled the shape of a bowl.</p> 
<p>If he only built a river system on the ground, all of the water would flow towards the center. But if this was three dimensional, the water from the center would be drawn into the sky, it would flow towards the edges of the blessed land, and form a grand system for water to flow.</p> 
<p>As for the way to create rivers in the sky, Fang Yuan had deduced the cheapest and easiest method, that was cloud soil.</p> 
<p>Cloud soil was also used by Lang Ya land spirit to forcefully create a cloud continent in the sky of Lang Ya blessed land.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan intended to use the cloud soil to create many river channels, along these rivers, the fertile cloud soil would have countless star fragment grass growing on them.</p> 
<p>The soil that the star fragment grass grew in was the cloud soil. Star Lord Wan Xiang had no choice but to plant them in black soil., as he did not have enough financial ability to bulk purchase cloud soil. But Star Form blessed land's environment was very suited for star fragment grass to grow. This caused the growth rates of star fragment grass to be higher in Star Form blessed land than Hu Immortal blessed land!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's plan was beautiful, but reality was cruel.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan lacked a huge amount of funds, he had just accumulated two thousand immortal essence stones but he had passed them to Lang Ya land spirit. Thus, these days, he could only repair the four sources of revenue in Star Form blessed land.</p> 
<p>Arrow bamboo forest had grown to its best condition, emitting a light fog under the use of large amounts of moon well water.</p> 
<p>Meteorite pit and broken star lake had been fully restored.</p> 
<p>The star fragment grass fields were more troublesome, but after Fang Yuan used the killer move spring star rain several times, they were growing quickly as well.</p> 
<p>Ever since he obtained the star path inheritance and gained star shoot Immortal Gu, spring star rain had turned into an immortal killer move, its effect was dozens of times better than before!</p> 
<p>As for the dragonfish, eerie fire dragon pythons, regretful spiders, and Dang Hun Mountain inside Hu Immortal blessed land, they were not moved over yet.</p> 
<p>Firstly, he needed to develop the place for now, and finalize a proper water flow system before relocating the dragonfish.</p> 
<p>Secondly, Star Form blessed land was facing its heavenly tribulation soon!</p> 
<p>Why was Star Lord Wan Xiang so anxious to explore Starry Sky grotto-heaven?</p> 
<p>It was because the heavenly tribulation was approaching.</p> 
<p>He was a rank six Gu Immortal with one heavenly tribulation passed, he was facing the second one soon.</p> 
<p>Because he battled with Song Zi Xing and was gravely injured, he lost confidence in surviving the tribulation, he had to expose the secret of Starry Sky grotto-heaven and drag Shi Lei in to explore Starry Sky grotto-heaven together.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was still hesitating over if he should move all these resources away before the heavenly tribulation struck.</p> 
<p>Leaving the underground cave, Fang Yuan returned to Dang Hun palace.</p> 
<p>Gu Yue Fang Zheng, who was held captive all along, seemed to have resigned himself to fate, his eyes were hollow as he sat in the prison cell without moving.</p> 
<p>Evidently, the truth of Immortal Crane Sect attempting to kill him, and his master Lord Sky Crane trying to possess him were very impactful news towards him.</p> 
<p>According to his usual habits, Fang Yuan stood before him and said some words.</p> 
<p>Gu Yue Fang Zheng did not move at all, his expression was numb, as if he did not hear a word.</p>
    </body>
</html>
