<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 766: Immortal Gu Compensation</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 766: Immortal Gu Compensation</h1>
        
        <p>"One move?" Hearing Feng Jiu Ge's words, Qin Bai Sheng laughed with a provoked tone: "I have roamed the region freely for hundreds of years, I defeated Liu Hao, Chanyu Xiong, Nu Er Du, killed Bai Chan Zi, Jade Fire Farmer, Mountain Lord Tian Qing, had a draw with Yuan Rang Zun, and managed to escape with my life from Five Elements Grandmaster. In the entirety of Northern Plains, only the five rank eight Gu Immortals can defeat me easily. But to kill me, even they would not find it easy. There are very few rank seven Gu Immortals that can rival me. You are also a rank seven Gu Immortal, you want to defeat me in one move? Hahaha!"</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng laughed loudly, his laughter was filled with great confidence towards himself.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge's words indeed were greatly arrogant. At once, even the Central Continent Gu Immortals around him were starting to get worried.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge smiled lightly, he slowly narrated: "When I was young, I loved music, when I started cultivating, I had a grand aspiration, that was to create a total of nine songs, to express myself, to express all living beings, and to express heaven and earth. Up to this point, I have created six songs in total. If you can finish listening to this song of mine, then I will admit defeat and let you leave."</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng's laughter gradually came to an end, he had a serious gaze as he stared at Feng Jiu Ge unblinkingly.</p> 
<p>Looking at Feng Jiu Ge, who had a earnest tone and a smiling face, Qin Bai Sheng felt an immense threat deep within himself.</p> 
<p>He thought for a moment and greeted Feng Jiu Ge solemnly: "I have not asked for your name yet."</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge greeted back: "I am Feng Jiu Ge."</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng's expression changed: "So you are the number one person of Central Continent's ten great ancient sects, no wonder. Hahaha, in that case, let me see what you can do."</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge's fighting prowess had long since been famous, even to a Northern Plains Gu Immortal like Qin Bai Sheng, the name and reputation were instantly recognizable.</p> 
<p>But after learning about Feng Jiu Ge's identity, Qin Bai Sheng instead felt an immeasurable surge of battle intent within himself — We are both rank seven Gu Immortal, what qualifications do you have to defeat the other Gu Immortals in the ten great ancient sects and become known as the strongest? I will see how strong you truly are!</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge breathed in deeply, bowing slightly: "This song, is known as Green Jade Song, please enjoy it."</p> 
<p>The rest of the Central Continent Gu Immortals backed off and created a wide open space for them.</p> 
<p>"Come." Qin Bai Sheng shouted, his gaze was like lightning as his battle intent rushed out, he was oozing with grandeur.</p> 
<p>...</p> 
<p>Snowy Mountain blessed land.</p> 
<p>Third branch peak.</p> 
<p>"Just now, this lucky escape was truly thanks to you. If Old Ancestor Xue Hu found out, even I would not be able to preserve Little Lan's life." In the secret room, Fairy Li Shan spoke to Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, expressing her gratitude.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan was a crucial person in the collapse of True Yang Building, she was more important than Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun. Once she was discovered, the entire world of Gu Immortals would hunt her down.</p> 
<p>"The situation was really dangerous, we were trying to guess why you missed the auction." Tai Bai Yun Sheng said while sighing.</p> 
<p>If Hei Lou Lan was discovered, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng would be involved as well, the three of them were tied together on a string.</p> 
<p>"Oh!" Fairy Li Shan sighed: "I did not think that a dream realm could become a calamity. Do you have any ways to save Little Lan?"</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng shook his head, looking at Fang Yuan who was beside him.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan said solemnly: "It's difficult! The dream calamity's target is Hei Lou Lan, Fairy Li Shan, you were only pulled in because you touched her. Thus, I just had to hurt you and make you feel pain. But Hei Lou Lan is deep inside the dream realm, even if you kill her, she will not awaken."</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan's eyes shined with hope: "It's only 'difficult', that does not mean it is impossible, Fang Yuan, it seems you have a plan!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan chuckled: "Hei Lou Lan is fortunate, I obtained a Gu in the auction that can form a dream path killer move to resolve this problem. But to form the killer move, the core Immortal Gu is not enough, I need the assistance of many mortal Gu."</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan was overjoyed, saying: "I can help with that, what refinement materials do you need to refine Gu, just tell me, I can satisfy that request!"</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan shook his head: "These dream path mortal Gu refinement materials can only be found in dream realms. Refining dream path Gu is different from other paths, the entire process needs me to execute it personally."</p> 
<p>"So dream path has such specifications." Fairy Li Shan blinked, this was the first time she had heard such news.</p> 
<p>Dream path Gu worms were different from Gu worms in other paths.</p> 
<p>One of the points was the refinement material, they were not material objects, they were obtained from inside dream realms.</p> 
<p>And the dream realm could only be of one's own dream, not others.</p> 
<p>Only the materials from one's own dream realm could refine these dream path Gu worms.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had his previous life's memories, even though he developed slowly in dream path and had limited achievement, he still knew common knowledge like this.</p> 
<p>Currently, what was his common knowledge was now the most top tier research results, the few forces treated them as their own treasures, sealing all the knowledge deeply.</p> 
<p>Because of the Snowy Mountain Alliance, Fairy Li Shan did not doubt Fang Yuan's words. But deep inside, she saw Fang Yuan in a different light again.</p> 
<p>She knew some parts of Fang Yuan's experiences and circumstances, especially the guts Gu trade, she obtained part of the profits.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan is truly an impressive junior, it is almost as if he has a method to solve any problem. Earlier, he developed the airsac Gu to hold the guts Gu. Now, he even has such research in dream path. This is not something a lone cultivator can come up with, it seems his background is not simple after all."</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan was thinking over it when Fang Yuan spoke again: "Fairy, you know that my nature is straightforward, I like to talk openly and not beat about the bush. If I can save you both, what compensation will I get?"</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan's eyes rolled, she was long since familiar with Fang Yuan's personality, she was not surprised, she smiled: "The favor of saving a life is as heavy as a mountain. Fang Yuan, how many immortal essence stones or Immortal Gu recipes do you want, or even immortal materials, just tell me."</p> 
<p>Her tone was very courteous, after all, she was requesting his help.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan raised his head: "I do not want anything else, what I have in mind is Hei Lou Lan's self strength Gu and strength qi Gu. Two lives for two Gu."</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan's smile vanished without a trace: "These two Immortal Gu are Little Lan's core Gu worms. A gentleman would not take what others love, Fang Yuan, this condition is a little too harsh."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan raised his eyebrows: "Are both of your lives not even as valuable as two Gu worms?"</p> 
<p>"That is not accurate." Fairy Li Shan shook her head: "Even if we were discovered, only Little Lan would be in danger, I would be fine. In fact, when Little Lan gets into trouble, you two would be implicated too. We are on the same boat now, helping us is also the same as helping yourselves."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan smiled, nodding in agreement: "Fairy makes perfect sense, I am full of admiration. Forget my previous condition, I will go prepare now. I promise you, within three to five years, I can surely save Hei Lou Lan! I have to go now."</p> 
<p>Saying this, Fang Yuan stood up and was ready to leave.</p> 
<p>Although the two had an agreement, and he could not leave her in the lurch, they also made rules such that one side could not force the other to save them using the agreement, they had to come up with an appropriate arrangement regarding compensation.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was not abandoning her, he was just taking a bit of time, thus, his actions were not against the alliance agreement.</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan felt a huge headache, she stood up and urged him: "Wait, Fang Yuan, we can discuss this."</p> 
<p>"What does fairy have to enlighten me with? I am all ears!" Fang Yuan's attitude was very modest, he spoke very humbly.</p> 
<p>"Oh, Fang Yuan, don't act like this. These two strength path Immortal Gu do not belong to me, I cannot promise you anything." Fairy Li Shan sighed deeply as she said this.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan showed an understanding expression: "That's right, I find this condition overboard too, pretend I never said it. Fairy is right, Self Strength and Strength Qi are very important Immortal Gu to Hei Lou Lan, how can you decide for her? Never mind, we are allies, I will definitely help her. But you need to know, refining dream path Gu worms is very troublesome because it takes a long time and I need to do a lot of preparation. During this period of time, fairy can try to find other ways to save Hei Lou Lan. Although my method will definitely succeed, it will take a long time. In this time period, if Hei Lou Lan is discovered by others, that would be bad. But thankfully, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and I are in Central Continent, even if anything happens to Hei Lou Lan, we will act as good allies and avenge her."</p> 
<p>These words made Fairy Li Shan roll her eyes in anger.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was laughing madly deep in his mind, he did not forget to add in: "Speaking of the alliance, we have about two years left. Once the time is up, and Hei Lou Lan is still unconscious, how would we continue the agreement? Oh, this is a troublesome matter."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a kind person, but when it came to key benefits, he had a firm attitude, he was not a pushover.</p> 
<p>"You two!" Fairy Li Shan was furious.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan's identity was a secret, even though Hei Cheng knew, he had his own motives and would not dare to expose Hei Lou Lan's identity. But because of this, Fairy Li Shan could not find helpers easily.</p> 
<p>Regarding dream path, most of the super forces had done their research and obtained some results, but they would not give it to Fairy Li Shan to save Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>Thus, for the problem Fairy Li Shan was facing, the most likely possibility with an effective method was to rely on Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Regarding all of this, Fairy Li Shan was deeply aware. Seeing that Fang Yuan was unwilling to relent, she had no better option but to take a step back, breathing in deeply before saying: "Never mind, maybe we simply had bad luck. I will do it your way, two Immortal Gu. But you can only pick either one of Self Strength and Strength Qi, I can take responsibility for this much in regards to Little Lan. The other Immortal Gu will be provided by me. I'll speak the truth, this is my limit, don't force me any further."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was moved, gasping: "Hei Lou Lan is truly blessed to have fairy as her aunt."</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan smiled bitterly, looking at Fang Yuan. She knew that although Tai Bai Yun Sheng was Fang Yuan's senior brother, Fang Yuan was the leader between them.</p> 
<p>To save Hei Lou Lan, she needed Fang Yuan to help.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought about it, he knew that although he could continue forcing her, that would cause their relationship to be greatly damaged. The amicable atmosphere that he had created earlier by splitting the profits with them would be completely ruined.</p> 
<p>Although Self Strength and Strength Qi were two excellent Gu, Fang Yuan had obtained several strength path Immortal Gu, he no longer had such an urgent need for them.</p> 
<p>"Alright, I will listen to fairy. I have always been interested in fairy's mountain pledge Gu." Fang Yuan spoke with a smile.</p>
    </body>
</html>
