<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 776: Current Situation</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 776: Current Situation</h1>
        
        <p>Central Continent, Hu Immortal blessed land, Dang Hun palace.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan opened his eyes slowly, his red eyes shining with a ruthless light.</p> 
<p>Inspecting his own body, Fang Yuan nodded in satisfaction, he could not help but praise: "I've used it so many times already, these guts Gu are truly the best in strengthening the soul. In Hei Lou Lan's dream, I suffered such heavy soul injuries, yet I have already recovered in such a short time."</p> 
<p>He breathed in deeply, his mind was refreshed, his head was no longer as dizzy as the time when he was heavily injured.</p> 
<p>"Land spirit, where are you?" Fang Yuan called out.</p> 
<p>"Master, master, have you recovered from your injuries already?" At the next moment, the lively Little Hu Immortal asked as she appeared before Fang Yuan, her crystal-like eyes were overflowing with intense concern.</p> 
<p>"Mm." Fang Yuan, who had a green face and sharp fangs, nodded: "Tell me what happened when I was healing my injuries during this time period."</p> 
<p>Little Hu Immortal shook her head: "There were many things that happened, but none were major matters."</p> 
<p>A moment later, after Little Hu Immortal reported everything, Fang Yuan remained seated in his bed, not speaking.</p> 
<p>His mind was working intensely as he tried to process the information.</p> 
<p>In Central Continent, Immortal Crane Sect was busy trying to salvage the situation in the reincarnation battlefield, He Feng Yang was still busy trying to save his desolate beast flying crane, Little Nine, moving about all over the region.</p> 
<p>The ten great ancient sects each had their restrictions, they mutually restrained and balanced each other.</p> 
<p>The person currently in the limelight was Myriad Dragon Dock's Vicious Lightning Fiend. After coming out of his closed cultivation, he used the immortal killer move Lightning Deity and challenged a lot of people. Right now, he had battled more than twenty Gu Immortals, he only had one draw and one loss, with such amazing results, his reputation was soaring. Many meddlesome Gu Immortals were already comparing him with Immortal Monkey King Shi Lei.</p> 
<p>These people did not have good intentions, because in accordance with Shi Lei's nature as a battle maniac, he would find Vicious Lightning Fiend and engage in a huge battle with him.</p> 
<p>But Shi Lei gave no response.</p> 
<p>The Central Continent Gu Immortals were troubled, why did Immortal Monkey King's behavior change? Even Combat Immortal Sect had become much quieter recently.</p> 
<p>The other nine sects found something wrong, they tried to investigate secretly.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan knew long ago — Shi Lei discovered Starry Sky grotto-heaven, and inside the grotto-heaven, there was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's dream realm. Right now, they must be attacking the grotto-heaven at full force.</p> 
<p>Thinking of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's dream realm, Fang Yuan was moved.</p> 
<p>Earlier, he had no methods against it, he could only escape pitifully from Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's dream realm. But now that he had the immortal killer move unravel dream, this was the supreme weapon to deal with the dream realm!</p> 
<p>"During this period of time, dream path exploration is still in its initial stages. Any super force is still stuck at the stage of starting up, every step is extremely difficult, it is a path filled with thorns. The best methods are naturally dream path Immortal Gu, but the number of these dream path Immortal Gu could probably be counted on one's hands. Meanwhile, I have a dream path immortal killer move, even without a dream path Immortal Gu, I am far ahead of these forces."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was getting excited.</p> 
<p>Unravel dream was effective in dealing with dream realms. Each time he used it, Fang Yuan gained a huge advantage.</p> 
<p>For example, just earlier, Fang Yuan saved Hei Lou Lan, after unraveling her dream realm, he obtained a lot of Hei Lou Lan's understanding towards strength path. This added to his strength path foundation, causing it to become more abundant.</p> 
<p>There is always something to learn from someone else, especially when Hei Lou Lan had the Great Strength True Martial Physique, she was a naturally formed strength path immortal seed, her natural talent in strength path was beyond Fang Yuan's reach.</p> 
<p>A portion of her strength path understanding was fully assimilated by Fang Yuan, allowing him to have great gains.</p> 
<p>"If I can unravel Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's dream realm, my wisdom path attainment will improve greatly. Even without a complete wisdom path inheritance, I might be able to create my own one." Fang Yuan thought.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan was only a newly advanced strength path Gu Immortal, but Fang Yuan had great gains after unraveling her dream.</p> 
<p>If he could unravel Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's dream realm, Fang Yuan's wisdom path attainment would shoot up like a rocket!</p> 
<p>"However, to snatch the Immortal Venerable's dream realm from Combat Immortal Sect is too dangerous, it is nearly impossible." Fang Yuan shook his head.</p> 
<p>To unravel a dream, he had to be in Starry Sky grotto-heaven, and get close to that Star Constellation dream realm.</p> 
<p>If he did that, he would certainly be discovered.</p> 
<p>Based on his current battle strength, even if it increased, he would not be Shi Lei's match. Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan, compared to the rest of Combat Immortal Sect, were an even greater mismatch.</p> 
<p>"Unless I have Tang clan of Western Desert's immortal killer move — Steal Dream. I would be able to steal the dream realm directly from the grotto-heaven, moving it elsewhere and slowly dealing with it, devouring it at my own pace."</p> 
<p>In the five hundred years of Fang Yuan's previous life, Western Desert's Tang clan was the super force with the deepest foundation in dream path among the five regions. Originally, Tang clan was not outstanding among the dozen or so super forces in Western Desert, it was at a middle to lower tier.</p> 
<p>But based on the rise of dream path, during the five regions chaotic war, Tang clan became Western Desert's strongest force, even among the five regions, it was a power that could stand tall, creating what Western Desert people called the 'Great Era of Tang'.</p> 
<p>Central Continent's current situation, even though there was slight turbulence, was still peaceful.</p> 
<p>Even though Fang Yuan really desired Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's dream realm, his battle strength was still much lower than Combat Immortal Sect, he could only watch covetously for now.</p> 
<p>Fortunately, at the moment, dream path was still in its initial stages of exploration, even if Combat Immortal Sect captured Starry Sky grotto-heaven, they would not be able to do anything to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's dream realm.</p> 
<p>To make a comparison, this was like a juicy piece of meat, but it was submerged in boiling hot oil, even though Combat Immortal Sect knew that it was delicious, they could only watch for now, they could not eat it yet.</p> 
<p>Compared to Central Continent, Fang Yuan was more concerned about Northern Plains' situation.</p> 
<p>He had committed a huge crime, it was still being investigated. The other party had great strength and plenty of methods, soon after the auction ended, they discovered Fang Yuan's identity of Sha Huang, they were not simple, it was giving Fang Yuan huge mental pressure.</p> 
<p>But when hearing Little Hu Immortal's report, he learned that Northern Plains' situation was much more calm than Central Continent.</p> 
<p>Almost all of the Gu Immortals who attended the auction were trying to assimilate their gains from it, converting them into their own strength.</p> 
<p>Old Ancestor Xue Hu mobilized the number one demonic force in Northern Plains, the full power of Snowy Mountain blessed land, to join in the plan to refine rank eight fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu, it was well known in Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world already.</p> 
<p>As the number one righteous refinement path Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, Yao Huang had deepened his collaboration with Zombie Alliance. This collaboration caused Zombie Alliance's status in Northern Plains to rise up rapidly.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng vanished without a trace, and Prince Feng Xian, who Fang Yuan was most concerned about, also made no movements.</p> 
<p>This calm situation did not lower Fang Yuan's unease, he was getting increasingly worried.</p> 
<p>The other party would certainly not let him go, once his identity was exposed, be it Central Continent or Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world, they would want to kill Fang Yuan, Hei Lou Lan and the others.</p> 
<p>Since it involved the huge benefits of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's inheritance, even if Fang Yuan escaped to Eastern Sea or Western Desert, they would definitely pursue him, he would have no peace.</p> 
<p>"The other party is in the dark, I wonder if it is Central Continent or Northern Plains investigating me." Fang Yuan sighed mentally, in this period of time, he had no solutions, he could only deal with the situation by continuing with his former plans.</p> 
<p>The only consolation was that he had made the right move by allying with Fairy Li Shan.</p> 
<p>With Fairy Li Shan's information network, Fang Yuan could learn about any changes in Northern Plains' situation rapidly. With an advantage in information, he could deal with anything that happens.</p> 
<p>"Ultimately, the issue is that I am too weak. If I was a rank eight Gu Immortal, I would be able to protect myself. Even if Giant Sun's true inheritance was exposed to the world, so what? Oh... that is not right."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought about the rank nine wisdom Gu and frowned.</p> 
<p>If news that he had wisdom Gu leaked out, even if he was a rank eight, he might have rank eight Gu Immortals attacking him from all sides.</p> 
<p>"No matter what, the urgent matter now is to absorb my gains from the auction, rapidly raising my strength, that is how I can deal with future situations."</p> 
<p>A few days later, Fang Yuan left the secret room in an unkempt state, but he had a joyous expression.</p> 
<p>He expanded his wings and flew into the sky.</p> 
<p>The large bat wings on his back had reached three pairs. It gave him a strong flying ability, his speed rose rapidly.</p> 
<p>During the auction, he obtained a bat desolate beast's corpse. Fang Yuan's killer move, true solid bat wings, had finally been completed.</p> 
<p>Iron Crown Eagle Strength!</p> 
<p>While flying, he suddenly unleashed the iron crown eagle strength.</p> 
<p>Suddenly, Fang Yuan's speed rose drastically, earlier, he was like a stream of black smoke, but now he was like a flash of lightning. At once, Fang Yuan's vision became blurry, the intense winds blew at him, like they were sharp daggers.</p> 
<p>The iron crown eagle strength lasted for a short time before his speed fell back to the original level.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's vision cleared, looking back, he had moved three li from his original spot.</p> 
<p>Flying three li in a flash!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was pleased, but yet not pleased.</p> 
<p>He was pleased because this speed was really fast, it was on par with some movement immortal killer moves. He was not pleased because the iron crown eagle strength was not controlled at will, he did not know when he could summon it.</p> 
<p>"Unless my second core Gu — all-out effort Gu, is refined all the way up to Immortal Gu level, at that point, I will be able to unleash the iron crown eagle strength at will." Fang Yuan thought about this and sighed.</p> 
<p>His all-out effort Gu was still at rank four. Fang Yuan had solid finances now, but he did not have the corresponding Gu recipe.</p> 
<p>Not long ago, he had asked Lang Ya land spirit, the answer was partly good and partly worrisome.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit indeed had all-out effort Gu's recipes, from rank one to five, he had them all. But Lang Ya land spirit refused to sell Gu recipes.</p> 
<p>Even if Fang Yuan tried his best to convince him, there was no result.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan intended to use a dream path mortal Gu recipe to trade for it. But Lang Ya land spirit had become more astute, he did not want to trade it for any Gu recipe, he gave Fang Yuan a mission.</p> 
<p>This mission required Fang Yuan to go into immemorial purple heaven, to search for a rank six immortal material, poisonous flowers, and collect their petals.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was so busy currently, he had no time for that, with strong foes pressuring him, if he exposed his identity accidentally, he would become a fugitive, the entire world would hunt him down. Fang Yuan did not dare to relax, he was trying his best to raise his battle strength, how could he go search for poisonous flowers?</p> 
<p>Furthermore, immemorial purple heaven was already destroyed. Even the fragment worlds was hard to find. Even if he found one, it was extremely dangerous, desolate beasts and desolate plants were very common. Fang Yuan's current battle strength was insufficient. If he forced himself into conducting an exploration, it would simply be a difficult and unrewarding task.</p>
    </body>
</html>
