<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 686: Fang Yuan learns from Reckless Savage Demon Venerable!</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 686: Fang Yuan learns from Reckless Savage Demon Venerable!</h1>
        
        <p>Boom. Fang Yuan was sent flying like an insect, making a huge arc in the air before ruthlessly falling down on the hard ice surface.</p> 
<p>Rumble!</p> 
<p>Ice chunks scattered crazily, the force sent Fang Yuan flying like an artillery shell, he pierced through the ice layer and traveled for an enormous distance before finally stopping.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan lay amidst the broken ice, seriously injured. Even with an immortal zombie body, he could not budge a bit. His whole body was like a torn sack, the dark green zombie blood flowing out from the innumerable wounds, bones were fractured with some piercing into skin and flesh while some jutted out of the body. Only three of the eight arms were remaining. One torn off arm was lying not far away from Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>A long ice channel was created just now, cut open by Fang Yuan using his own body.</p> 
<p>"Cough cough..."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan coughed for a while and stared with an incredulous gaze at the icefall divine ape, it was still standing upright despite losing its head.</p> 
<p>"What the hell is this?"</p> 
<p>According to common sense, even an ancient desolate beast would die if their head was smashed apart. But this icefall divine ape which had lost its head not only did not fall down, instead it struck Fang Yuan with a very heavy counterattack.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan recalled that enormous punch, common sense would have stated that such an enormous force would have already produced a sonic boom. But it was unexpectedly noiseless during the whole process!</p> 
<p>This absolutely was not something the icefall divine ape should have been capable of accomplishing, because it did not have any Gu worms on it!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan tried to move his body; the immortal zombie body shuddered but still lay down on the ice, its strength failing.</p> 
<p>However, Fang Yuan could sense his body was rapidly recovering.</p> 
<p>Zombies used death energy as life force. As long as they were not destroyed in an instant, the abundant death energy would provide them with astonishing recovery speed.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly flew over and at the same time, pitch black rays of light shone out from his hand and fell on Fang Yuan's body.</p> 
<p>These pitch black rays of light were carefully prepared for Fang Yuan by Tai Bai Yun Sheng, and were not some ordinary healing Gu worms.</p> 
<p>Ordinary healing Gu worms would bring vitality and stimulate life force, but this was of no use to Fang Yuan's immortal zombie body.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan needed to increase his death energy, the stronger the death energy, the faster his recovery speed would be. Thus, zombies were also known as 'living dead'.</p> 
<p>With Tai Bai Yun Sheng's help, Fang Yuan's recovery speed surged violently.</p> 
<p>"Great." Fang Yuan gave a horrifying smile. He soon recovered his movement ability and stood up from the ice surface.</p> 
<p>Boom. An astonishing change happened to the icefall divine ape, it unexpectedly self-detonated.</p> 
<p>After the detonation, a large group of pegasi were left in the icefall divine ape's place.</p> 
<p>These pegasi were anything but ordinary, different from the two winged pegasi of the current era. They were larger than two winged pegasus by two to three times. On their backs were at least two pairs of wings, while some even had three pairs.</p> 
<p>These were ancient pegasus, the more wings they had, the stronger their battle strength. Four winged pegasi were at the level of beast emperors while six winged pegasi were desolate beasts!</p> 
<p>In the current five regions, the ancient pegasi were already extinct.</p> 
<p>Most of these pegasi were four winged pegasi while there were a few with six wings!</p> 
<p>The pegasus group neighed before colliding with Fang Yuan's strength path phantom army.</p> 
<p>It was a massacre, Fang Yuan's strength path phantom army was steadily losing ground, suffering heavy losses.</p> 
<p>"This is not a beast calamity! What in the world is this?" Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly flew to Fang Yuan's side and looked at this scene with his eyes wide open.</p> 
<p>The ancient pegasi and strength path phantom army started slaughtering each other, creating a chaotic battle situation.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan suffered great losses.</p> 
<p>It was because the strength path phantom had been in a loose formation to deal with the giant icefall divine ape. Now that the giant beast was changed to a united group of pegasi, the loose phantom army formation instead allowed the pegasus group to rampage unhindered. Despite the strength path phantoms' coordination being exquisite, forming into many small battle groups, they still had more defeats than wins and suffered huge damage.</p> 
<p>However, there were no corpses in this slaughter.</p> 
<p>There was no need to speak of strength path phantoms which were condensed from fist qi. The crucial point was that the pegasus group had intangible bodies that turned into nothingness after they were killed.</p> 
<p>"Could it be...." Fang Yuan's red eyes suddenly shone. He racked his brains, searching for the answer in his memories, before a thought hit him as he considered an elusive possibility.</p> 
<p>This possibility made him look towards Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>However, Hei Lou Lan was covered in the enormous cocoon of three qi, which was so thick that he could not even see her shadow. As long as she was able to consume this three qi cocoon, her potential after becoming a Gu Immortal would be extremely deep and her future prospects would be filled with bright radiance.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan turned around to look at the pegasus group. His eyes narrowed and a smile appeared on his face; he waved his hand towards the back, transmitting his voice to Tai Bai Yun Sheng who was rushing over: "Old Bai, step back and watch me."</p> 
<p>He then showed his sharp teeth and charged forward.</p> 
<p>He pierced into the chaotic battle of the pegasus group and strength path phantom army.</p> 
<p>In an instant, it was like Fang Yuan had poked a hornet's nest as countless ancient pegasi charged towards him. He activated hair armor and raised his arms, protecting his head.</p> 
<p>After he locked in on a target, Fang Yuan suddenly shouted and pounced towards an injured four winged Pegasus, forcibly smashing it down from the sky to the ground.</p> 
<p>Bang. Man and horse crashed heavily into the ground, the ice surface cracked, forming a deep pit.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's whole body was filled with injuries, bones fractured in many places, skin was opened and flesh split. The recovered body was once again crushed into a miserable state.</p> 
<p>Who knew how many pegasi attacked him when he charged into the chaotic battle and smashed into the four winged pegasus.</p> 
<p>These pegasi naturally would not let him go. Large numbers of pegasi gathered into a white flood that fell down from the sky towards Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan used all his strength to suppress the intensely struggling four winged pegasus under him, while the wills in his mind surged like boiling water, dissipating intensely.</p> 
<p>Two strength path phantom groups in the sky coordinated, and intercepted the diving pegasus group like a giant scissor.</p> 
<p>At the same time, large numbers of strength path phantoms surged out from Fang Yuan's immortal aperture and formed a hemispherical formation above Fang Yuan, resisting the fierce offensive of the pegasus group without any regard for the losses.</p> 
<p>The four winged pegasus under Fang Yuan was anything but cute as it neighed and struggled with all its power. It had such high strength that even Fang Yuan, a strength path Gu Immortal with an immortal zombie body, was almost unable to contain it.</p> 
<p>Time was pressing, the opportunity could not be lost. Fang Yuan raised his fists high and smashed down ruthlessly, immediately bursting the pegasus's head, however the headless Pegasus was still struggling as if the loss of its head had no affect.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan then punched down with all his eight arms, bombarding the pegasus with heavy punches.</p> 
<p>The thick ice surface below them could not endure this punishment and started cracking.</p> 
<p>A normal four winged pegasus was equal to a beast emperor with rank five battle strength. Even if they had strong wild Gu worms, they would have turned into meat paste under Fang Yuan's offensive.</p> 
<p>This strange four winged pegasus did not have any Gu worms on it and when Fang Yuan crushed it, it dissipated into thin air without leaving any hair, bone or even blood.</p> 
<p>The next moment, however, Fang Yuan's narrowed eyes suddenly opened wide. Following the complete destruction of the four winged pegasus, a formless will rushed into his mind; his eyes revealed enormous shock and joy.</p> 
<p>He kneeled on the broken ice surface and ceased all movement, resembling a statue. Despite the fierce slaughter going on above him, he did not seem to notice anything, as if he was in a dream.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng was extremely worried when he saw this, flying towards Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"Come back, don't disturb him. This is a golden opportunity for him!" Fairy Li Shan, however, suddenly transmitted her voice.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng narrowed his eyes, immediately asking in anger: "It seems you know what this calamity is? Fairy Li Shan! We are allies, we came specially to protect Hei Lou Lan in crossing the tribulation. You actually were deceiving us! What are you up to?!"</p> 
<p>"This is not deceit, don't forget the Snowy Mountain Alliance, if I had deceived you, I would have already died according to the oath! This was only speculation which I am now sure of." Fairy Li Shan quickly explained.</p> 
<p>She had only hidden this crucial piece of information without mentioning it, it did not mean she was deceiving them.</p> 
<p>Even if they were allied, they could not just share all their secrets. Fang Yuan also would not do that.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's breathing sped up as he flew rapidly while irritatedly asking at the same time: "Then are you still not going to tell me now what the hell is this speculation?!"</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan let out a breath of turbid air and spoke quickly: "Tai Bai Yun Sheng, you also know the origins of this icy plain. Back then, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable fought a huge battle, destroying a part of northern plains, turning that area into void. To repair the void, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable turned into an immemorial ice phoenix, and breathed out extremely cold profound ice which froze this place, turning it into a large icy plain."</p> 
<p>"Get to the point!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng shouted.</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan understood Tai Bai Yun Sheng's feelings and did not blame him, continuing with her explanation: "Everyone knows Reckless Savage Demon Venerable was a strength path Immortal Venerable, founder of the strength path and also of transformation path. Without exception, every rank nine venerable is a child of the Great Dao, the closest to the true essence of heaven and earth. Not only did laws follow their words, every action of theirs carried true meaning and even the movement of their gazes conveyed the profundities of nature. Even if they perish, their main killer move would be imprinted in heaven and earth, forming a kind of heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng involuntarily recalled the formless hands: "Yes, I know about this."</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan continued: "Back then, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable turned into an ice phoenix and breathed profound ice to condense into the icy plain we are on now. Don't forget the ice phoenix transformation is a transformation path killer move. As the creator of the icy plain, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable imprinted the true meaning of strength path and transformation path in the midst of this piece of heaven and earth. A piece of speculation was circulated among a few Gu Immortals, or more precisely a rumor. As long as a strength path or transformation path Gu Master ascends to Gu Immortal in this icy plain, it will cause a resonance of dao fragments, evoking the true meaning of Reckless Savage Demon Venerable's strength path and transformation path."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng shook: "Then, then this means, isn't this?!"</p> 
<p>"Right. the icefall divine ape was only a false appearance and the ancient pegasi were also the same; they were true meanings of strength path and transformation path, taking on the form of an earthly calamity! When someone completely shatters these external forms, the small true meaning contained within would break out and enter the body of their own accord! What is true meaning? It is the comprehension towards heaven and earth, Great Dao and law fragments. Fang Yuan destroyed a pegasus and obtained the true meaning within it. In other words, Fang Yuan is receiving teachings from Reckless Savage Demon Venerable!"</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan spoke shocking words and also revealed heavy envy.</p> 
<p>How huge was an opportunity to receive the teachings of a rank nine venerable!</p> 
<p>If one said the three qi converged to let the Gu Master comprehend heaven and earth and gain natural inspiration, then passing tribulation in this place and obtaining true meaning was to study under Reckless Savage Demon Venerable!</p>
    </body>
</html>
