<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 768: Identity Exposed</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 768: Identity Exposed</h1>
        
        <p>Fang Yuan activated Fixed Immortal Travel, returning to Hu Immortal blessed land, but at the same time, at a certain battlefield in Northern Plains, a fight was coming to an end, the victor had been decided.</p> 
<p>More than ten Gu Immortals surrounded the two people at the center.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng landed on the ground, bending his back as he pushed his knees upwards, preventing himself from kneeling down.</p> 
<p>He was no longer in the previous bold and heroic state. Even his intense battle intent earlier had dissipated, it had completely transformed into shock and dejection.</p> 
<p>"This, this immortal killer move is called green jade song?" Qin Bai Sheng raised his head and looked at Feng Jiu Ge, speaking as he spat out blood.</p> 
<p>His blood was no longer red, it had turned into an eerie green.</p> 
<p>As the green blood was spat out, it solidified rapidly, turning into beads of jade pearls while falling to the ground.</p> 
<p>These jade pearls collided with the ground and emitted a crisp sound.</p> 
<p>The surroundings within a huge area had completely been turned into a domain of jade. The soil on the ground used to be extremely ordinary, but now it had been turned entirely into green jade.</p> 
<p>Not just that, the reeds on the ground had also become jade-like objects. As the wind blew, the jade stems swayed with the wind, as the reed leaves shook slightly.</p> 
<p>Meanwhile, there was a jade will emitting from Qin Bai Sheng's body. Not only were his clothes turned into jade, half of his hair had turned jade too. Even most of his skin had frozen into jade. The blood in his body could not flow smoothly, there was the contaminated jade blood in his body. Qin Bai Sheng was now trying to get them out of his body. Thankfully, his organs and intestines were protected by his defensive immortal killer move, they managed to resist the green jade song.</p> 
<p>After personally witnessing the process of Qin Bai Sheng losing to one attack, the remaining Central Continent Gu Immortals had a grim expression, their gazes towards Feng Jiu Ge were full of wariness.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge floated in the air, looking at Qin Bai Sheng as he said with a tone of admiration: "That's right, this is my own creation, green jade song, it can convert everything into jade. You were able to resist it for fifteen minutes, that is very rare. Alright, you are truly strong and courageous, it is too much of a pity if you die here, searching your soul is too disrespectful too. How about this, I will ask you a few questions, just answer me truthfully."</p> 
<p>The Central Continent Gu Immortals heard Feng Jiu Ge's words and felt some surprise. This was not in line with their earlier plans.</p> 
<p>"Lord Feng Jiu Ge."</p> 
<p>"Qin Bai Sheng is a Northern Plains expert, if you let him go so easily, you might be leaving behind a future danger."</p> 
<p>"This person could resist green jade song for fifteen minutes, he is a strong adversary and a lone cultivator, why don't we..."</p> 
<p>Everyone spoke out, hoping that Feng Jiu Ge would kill Qin Bai Sheng. On one hand, they were wary of his battle strength, but on the other hand, they were coveting Qin Bai Sheng's great wealth.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng was one of the biggest winners in the auction. To make a comparison, the total amount of immortal materials that Fang Yuan obtained after selling all of the Gu Immortal captives was less than one percent of his earnings.</p> 
<p>But Feng Jiu Ge waved his hand: "I have already made up my mind, there is no need to say anything else. Old Oracle, I will need you to use the killer move, gentleman's bamboo."</p> 
<p>Facing Feng Jiu Ge's firm attitude and insistence, the Central Continent Gu Immortals were silent.</p> 
<p>The green jade battlefield in front of them was the greatest deterrence. They were all experts of the ten great ancient sects, but they had all found out now that they could not even take one attack from Feng Jiu Ge. If they swapped places with Qin Bai Sheng, they would end up in an even poorer state!</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge's strength was so great that all the Gu Immortals here lost their vigor. Qin Bai Sheng had lost his battle intent, while the Central Continent Gu Immortals were thinking: No wonder Feng Jiu Ge was acknowledged to be at first place in Central Continent! Six songs meant six immortal killer moves, green jade song was only one of them. With such battle strength, he was simply terrifying, even against a rank eight Gu Immortal, he might not be inferior.</p> 
<p>The young-looking wisdom path Gu Immortal that was called by Feng Jiu Ge was from Ancient Soul Sect of Central Continent.</p> 
<p>He breathed in deeply, walking out towards the center of the battlefield.</p> 
<p>He stretched out his fist from his wide sleeve, opening his five fingers as a colorless crystal bamboo grew out of his palm.</p> 
<p>"My immortal killer move, gentleman's bamboo, uses the rank six Immortal Gu Bamboo Gentleman as the core, with six hundred and sixty mortal Gu complementing it, it is used specially for detecting lies. Even though the core Immortal Gu is rank six, this killer move can work against rank seven Gu Immortals. But against rank eight, it will not be effective."</p> 
<p>Old Oracle's explanation sounded modest, but it was actually a threat to Qin Bai Sheng to not play any tricks.</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng's expression was very ugly, he understood what Old Oracle was trying to say.</p> 
<p>"I lost to one move, Feng Jiu Ge, you are really amazing. My skill was inferior, I admit my defeat, ask away. But you can only ask three questions." Qin Bai Sheng said.</p> 
<p>"You!" A few Central Continent Gu Immortals were unhappy, they frowned as they emitted killing intent.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge smiled: "No problem, three questions are enough."</p> 
<p>"Ask quickly, I have no time to waste." Qin Bai Sheng spat out the last mouthful of jade blood, regaining a bit of his grandeur.</p> 
<p>"The first question, who is the person who sold these Immortal Gu, Delight in Water and Mountain and Worldly Wave Trace?"</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng was stunned, he imagined Fang Yuan's appearance, feeling sour and bitter within: Sha Huang, oh Sha Huang, you were the one who brought harm to your brother!</p> 
<p>Thoughts flashed across his mind as Qin Bai Sheng replied plainly without hesitating: "This seller is called Sha Huang, he is an immortal zombie."</p> 
<p>"Sha Huang... immortal zombie..." Feng Jiu Ge muttered: "Continue speaking."</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng continued: "I only met this person recently, because I used my rank six luck inspection Immortal Gu and saw that this person's luck was greater than normal, I befriended him. This person has a mysterious origin, it seems he has a backer. In this auction, he sold thirteen Gu Immortal captives. Among them, there was a rank seven Gu Immortal, Rushing Thunder Hand Wu Hao. Furthermore, he has a close relationship with Fairy Li Shan, that is all I know."</p> 
<p>Once he said that, Qin Bai Sheng's body shook as his skin burst open, blood poured out like a fountain with no sign of stopping!</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng growled in pain, concentrating as he activated his healing Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>After a dozen breaths, he stabilized his injuries, but the pain was too unbearable, his body was still shivering slightly.</p> 
<p>This was due to the previous alliance agreement. Now that he leaked the information, he had broken the agreement and was facing an intense backlash, his life was in danger.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge looked at Qin Bai Sheng, then turning around to look at Old Oracle.</p> 
<p>The colorless bamboo in Old Oracle's hands was swaying without a trace of a change in color. This proved that Qin Bai Sheng's words were all truthful.</p> 
<p>Thus, Feng Jiu Ge continued to ask: "The second question is regarding the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, tell me all that you know."</p> 
<p>Qin Bai Sheng heard this and his expression became very ugly.</p> 
<p>An hour later, the Central Continent Gu Immortals watched as Qin Bai Sheng flew into the sky, becoming a small black dot as he vanished from their vision.</p> 
<p>One of them was not satisfied: "Lord Feng Jiu Ge, are we really letting him off? He has so many Immortal Gu with him, he even has almost half of the immortal materials traded in the auction!"</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge shook his head: "It is not that I do not want to strike, but I found out that he has a method to detonate his soul, just the aura of it alone is terrifying. If we force him, he will probably drag a few of you down with him. By then, our plan to get information would fail."</p> 
<p>"It's actually like this?!" The Gu Immortals were uncertain.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge said with deep meaning: "Look at this colorless crystal bamboo, you can tell if I lied."</p> 
<p>Everyone kept quiet.</p> 
<p>Old Oracle smiled sheepishly, retracting his immortal killer move.</p> 
<p>He changed the subject: "Thanks to Lord Feng Jiu Ge, we obtained these clues, it will really help in deducing the true culprit."</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge nodded: "We will split into two groups now, one will protect Old Oracle and let him deduce in peace. The other will follow me and go to Northern Plains Zombie Alliance, finding out news about Sha Huang. If Sha Huang is a member inside Zombie Alliance, we will capture him on the spot, that would be the best outcome."</p> 
<p>The Central Continent Gu Immortals listened to him, they split into two groups and retreated rapidly.</p> 
<p>Fifteen minutes later, several blurry silhouettes landed here.</p> 
<p>"This... how can this be?" Looking at the green jade field in front of them, He Lang Zi could still sense the power of this killer move, wariness flashed in his eyes.</p> 
<p>"Oh no, Qin Bai Sheng was ambushed, they have already fought." Hei Cheng had rich experience, his expression sank when he saw this.</p> 
<p>Fairy Jiang Yu quickly took out a set of investigative Gu, after checking, she let out a breath of turbid air: "Thankfully, even though they fought, Qin Bai Sheng was not captured, he has already escaped in that direction."</p> 
<p>Fairy Jiang Yu's investigative method made Hei Cheng and Xue Song Zi gasp in shock in their minds.</p> 
<p>When the Central Continent Gu Immortals left, they had erased all of their traces, but when Fairy Jiang Yu used her method, she managed to expose more than ten Gu Immortal auras.</p> 
<p>These auras all differed, they were in all kinds of sizes, among them, the aura that Feng Jiu Ge left behind was the largest, far greater than the rest.</p> 
<p>"Qin Bai Sheng managed to escape from the ambush of more than ten Gu Immortals?" Xue Song Zi was surprised: "We are only five people, how can we trap Qin Bai Sheng?"</p> 
<p>"Don't worry, I have a method." The mysterious black robed Gu Immortal said in a hoarse voice.</p> 
<p>Fairy Jiang Yu retrieved her Gu worms, she showed an anxious expression: "Go, in that direction, let's chase him!"</p> 
<p>Lang Ya blessed land.</p> 
<p>"What a huge piece of spiky metal! Wow, a thousand and five hundred kilograms of death water! This, these are actually jade wood eggs, wow... so many! Fang Yuan, you are so crafty and scheming, you did not disappoint me at all." Lang Ya land spirit looked at the mountain of immortal materials, while having a joyous expression mixed with pain.</p> 
<p>Not only were the quality of the immortal materials in front of him good, they were huge in quantity, the land spirit was pleased. But when he thought about the four to six split between him and Fang Yuan, he felt bitter deep inside.</p> 
<p>Those thirteen Gu Immortal captives were all from Lang Ya land spirit's work. But now, Fang Yuan was gaining a huge profit from them, he felt very uncomfortable.</p> 
<p>"Actually, if you want the immortal materials, it is not impossible." Fang Yuan said.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit stared with his eyes wide open, he was not happy, instead, he showed intense alertness: "Rascal, what scheme are you up to now?"</p> 
<p>He was scared of falling into Fang Yuan's trap.</p> 
<p>"You have a lot of hairy men in your blessed land, they are raised well and are good at refining Gu. But mine are quite inferior. I have a lot of mortal Gu to refine, help me refine these Gu and I'll pay for it using immortal materials. Don't be afraid, this is a fair trade." Fang Yuan said warmly.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit's eyes rolled, without thinking for too long, he agreed: "Alright, since I often help that inkman lad anyway, I'll take your business too."</p>
    </body>
</html>
