<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 758: Eat Strength</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 758: Eat Strength</h1>
        
        <p>The following auction was like it had been set up in advance, several luck path Immortal Gu showed up consecutively.</p> 
<p>Leave luck Gu which could rapidly expend luck, seal luck Gu which could seal luck, transfer luck Gu which could transfer luck, as well as the break luck Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan was after!</p> 
<p>Unfortunately, the sellers of all these Immortal Gu had their own desires, they requested for metal, wood, water, fire, earth and other Immortal Gu of mainstream paths. This was a weak point of Fang Yuan, if he could not fulfill this basic requirement, he could not even join in the bidding.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had suffered at the hands of luck path previously, but he had also obtained great benefits from luck path. He wanted to observe the situation and see if he could obtain a few luck path Immortal Gu, but now it seemed that he had no chance at all.</p> 
<p>The most regrettable thing was that he missed break luck Immortal Gu by a hair's breadth.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had already obtained connect luck Immortal Gu, it could work in conjunction with break luck Immortal Gu. But unfortunately, his opportunity to obtain it went by unsuccessfully.</p> 
<p>This auction was not set up specifically for him, Fang Yuan had gains, and naturally missed opportunities as well.</p> 
<p>"The next Immortal Gu is a rank seven luck path Immortal Gu, it is called Calamity Beckoning..." It was finally time for calamity beckoning Immortal Gu to be auctioned, Qin Bai Sheng spoke slowly as he introduced it.</p> 
<p>Rank seven Immortal Gu were quite rare. Most of the Immortal Gu in the auction were rank six Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Although it was a difference of just one rank, there was a great disparity in value. This was because the chance of raising a rank six Immortal Gu to rank seven was very low, and the cost of refinement was very high.</p> 
<p>As for rank eight Immortal Gu, they did not appear in this auction.</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortals in the hall heard that it was a rank seven Immortal Gu and showed some interest, they looked over with gazes of anticipation.</p> 
<p>But after learning about calamity beckoning Immortal Gu's use, they all shook their heads.</p> 
<p>Calamity beckoning Immortal Gu's use was to help others by harming oneself, helping another person undergo tribulation, and attract the calamity or tribulation to oneself.</p> 
<p>Giving up oneself to save others, this was not impossible, but often benefits and exchanges were involved.</p> 
<p>Calamity beckoning Immortal Gu did not have zero demand, some large forces needed it to help their own members. Furthermore, some Gu Immortals were moved, they could use this Gu to help others and earn some profits from it.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan wanted a rank seven strength path Immortal Gu, in the entirety of the auction hall, nobody made an offer.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan saw that the situation was not going well, he quickly informed Qin Bai Sheng that they could also use rank seven time path Immortal Gu to trade for it, but there were no responses.</p> 
<p>"It really is calamity beckoning Immortal Gu, I wonder if this Immortal Gu came from the Gu Immortal in the tenth secret room?" Feng Jiu Ge thought over it before communicating with Qin Bai Sheng, requesting to talk to the owner of calamity beckoning Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>"Fairy You Lan, you finally lost your patience..." Fang Yuan snorted, he rejected this request unhesitatingly.</p> 
<p>Eventually, because nobody bid for it, calamity beckoning Immortal Gu was not sold.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was mentally prepared for this result. After all, he was asking for a rank seven Immortal Gu,and he wanted a strength path Immortal Gu at that, there were few of such Immortal Gu. Most importantly, compared to other Immortal Gu, calamity beckoning Immortal Gu was not as attractive, thus nobody bid for it.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's calamity beckoning Immortal Gu was not the only Immortal Gu that went unsold.</p> 
<p>At the start, there was the conceal luck Immortal Gu that went unsold, after that, several other Gu suffered the same fate.</p> 
<p>There was still a chance left for these unsold Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>After the auction, there was still an event, the open transaction.</p> 
<p>During the open transaction, they could still sell these Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>As time continued to pass, more and more Immortal Gu were showcased and bought. The anticipation of the Gu Immortals also accumulated gradually.</p> 
<p>There were few Immortal Gu left on the list, they soon would all be presented. The most important item in the auction was about to be showcased, it was the essence of the luck path true inheritance that Qin Bai Sheng obtained!</p> 
<p>"The following Immortal Gu is called delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, it is of wisdom path and rank six. The seller is requesting for a rank six strength path Immortal Gu, it would be best if it is a defensive Immortal Gu." Qin Bai Sheng announced.</p> 
<p>When there were only a few Immortal Gu left, it was finally time for Fang Yuan's delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu to be auctioned.</p> 
<p>This time, he still asked for strength path Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>He did not say a word about the immortal zombie body or the method to regain new life. In fact, he did not even mention the white lotus giant silkworm Gu.</p> 
<p>Once these two matters were mentioned, combined with the strength path Immortal Gu, the clues would be too obvious.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had Fixed Immortal Travel, this was known by everyone.</p> 
<p>Even if Fang Yuan did not know about the relationship between Prince Feng Xian and Spirit Affinity House, he would not be brainless enough to make such a request.</p> 
<p>Rank six delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu in exchange for a rank six strength path Immortal Gu, the requirement for this auction was much lower than calamity beckoning Immortal Gu previously.</p> 
<p>Once Qin Bai Sheng spoke, several Gu Immortals started bidding.</p> 
<p>Strength path was declining, but wisdom path was mysterious and unfailingly stable over the ages. In the eyes of many Gu Immortals, a rank six wisdom path Immortal Gu was much more attractive than a rank six strength path Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>At once, regarding the delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu, the auction hall's atmosphere became incredibly heated.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan carefully listened to the bids as he remained unmoved, he was waiting for Swordmaster You Lan to bid.</p> 
<p>Before long, 'Swordmaster You Lan' indeed entered the bid: "I have an eat strength Immortal Gu with me. This Gu is not only of strength path, but also of food path, it is a strength path cultivation type Immortal Gu, one may consume beast meat or vegetation related to strength path, in order to allow strength path dao marks to grow naturally on the Gu Immortal's body, they would fully fit with one's own body."</p> 
<p>Once he said that, almost all of the Gu Immortals' attentions were drawn over.</p> 
<p>"This is a good Immortal Gu."</p> 
<p>"For a strength path Gu Immortal, this is really hard to come by!"</p> 
<p>"Food path has long since vanished, its condition is worse than strength path. At least strength path had flourished once before, but food path did not, it has almost completely disappeared now. All that I've heard of it is that it is very useful for nurturing Gu."</p> 
<p>Hearing the discussions of the Gu Immortals in the main hall, Feng Jiu Ge smiled lightly.</p> 
<p>This Immortal Gu did not come from the ten great sects of Central Continent, Feng Jiu Ge had requested it from Prince Feng Xian not long ago because he knew that Fang Yuan would make such a requirement.</p> 
<p>Although he had many Immortal Gu, regarding strength path, he only had Pulling Mountain and Pulling Water.</p> 
<p>Meanwhile, Prince Feng Xian happened to have this.</p> 
<p>It turned out that after Eighty-Eight True Yang Building collapsed, a formless hand flew out and landed near Prince Feng Xian's grotto-heaven. After Prince Feng Xian broke the formless hand personally, he captured the eat strength Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>This Gu was very useful to strength path Gu Immortals, but to Prince Feng Xian, it had little use. After receiving Feng Jiu Ge's letter regarding requesting assistance, as people from the same sect, Prince Feng Xian used his method to secretly send this Immortal Gu into Feng Jiu Ge's blessed land.</p> 
<p>"Fairy You Lan, I wonder if you can sell this Gu to me? I am willing to use another strength path Immortal Gu to exchange for it, I will provide valuable immortal materials as well, and I will not interfere with you in the bid for delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu." Soon, Chu Du sent a message.</p> 
<p>"Domination Immortal was moved, but that is natural. However, how can the Gu that he wants to exchange with it be more attractive than eat strength Gu, even if they are both of strength path?" Feng Jiu Ge replied, rejecting Chu Du's request.</p> 
<p>He smiled more confidently now, since the tenth secret room's mysterious Gu Immortal wanted a strength path Immortal Gu, he was likely to be a strength path Gu Immortal. Even if he was not, the allure of eat strength Immortal Gu would definitely be very high to this person.</p> 
<p>Everything went as Feng Jiu Ge had expected, after Fang Yuan heard the description for eat strength Immortal Gu, he was surprised and overjoyed.</p> 
<p>This eat strength Immortal Gu was too suitable for him!</p> 
<p>Regarding a Gu Immortal's cultivation, it mainly involved undergoing tribulations in their immortal aperture. With each successful tribulation, the Gu Immortal's body would have an increase in dao marks of their own path.</p> 
<p>The more dao marks on a Gu Immortal's body, the closer they would be to heaven and earth, and the closer to the laws of the Great Dao. The stronger the tribulation, the more dao marks would be etched on them after completing it.</p> 
<p>Thus, when assessing a Gu Immortal's cultivation level, they would usually use standards like one heavenly tribulation, or two heavenly tribulations.</p> 
<p>The more numerous their dao marks, the greater resonance they could cause when using the corresponding Immortal Gu, and the greater effect that Immortal Gu could unleash.</p> 
<p>When Fang Yuan used worldly wave trace Immortal Gu, the strength path dao marks on his body were unrelated to Worldly Wave Trace's water path dao marks, there even was conflict. Thus, the result was not great, he could only use about sixty to seventy percent of its power.</p> 
<p>But if Fang Yuan used a strength path Immortal Gu like Pulling Mountain or Pulling Water, his own body and the Immortal Gu would resonate, not only would he be able to amplify the effect of the Immortal Gu, he could even unleash a hundred and thirty percent of its power! Furthermore, the more they resonated, the more Fang Yuan would be able to comprehend the laws of strength path personally when he used the Immortal Gu. The more his understanding grew, the more his strength path attainment will deepen, and his foundation would accumulate gradually. One day, he would achieve a qualitative breakthrough.</p> 
<p>But despite that!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's greatest problem was that he was an immortal zombie, his immortal aperture was dead. Every once in a while, a portion of his blessed land would disintegrate, but he would also face no tribulations.</p> 
<p>The way of heaven was to be balanced and fair, calamities and tribulations would only be unleashed on small worlds that had blessings. The greater the fortune, the stronger the calamities and tribulations.</p> 
<p>Immortal zombies did not need to face tribulations, that was a good thing. After all, with a dead aperture, if they had to undergo calamities and tribulations as well, there was no way to survive.</p> 
<p>But to Fang Yuan, without any calamities and tribulations, he would not have any growth of dao marks, and his cultivation level would stagnate.</p> 
<p>"Of course, to increase my dao marks, I can use Immortal Gu like iron crown eagle strength Gu to form dao marks on my body. But such beast strength Immortal Gu are not suited for the human body, and the number of dao marks is very sparse, there is little effect. The dao marks generated by two or three beast strength Immortal Gu are less than the amount gained from undergoing one earthly calamity."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had the experience of using beast strength Gu worms.</p> 
<p>Beast strength did not suit the human body, they were not easy to use. Beast phantoms could only be unleashed sometimes, but not always.</p> 
<p>Like the iron crown eagle strength Gu, it could carve a portion of the iron crown eagle's strength path dao marks onto his body. But these dao marks did not suit Fang Yuan's physical body, because the structure of the human body was different from an eagle.</p> 
<p>When the dao marks of the iron crown eagle resonated with Fang Yuan, only then would he be able to unleash the strength of an iron crown eagle, along with summoning an iron crown eagle strength path phantom.</p> 
<p>Unless he had all-out effort Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>All-out effort's true effect was to allow complete resonance of the strength path dao marks carved on a person's body.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan's all-out effort Gu was only rank four. Although it was a vital Gu, he had no idea how to refine it into an Immortal Gu. The Immortal Gu recipe of all-out effort Gu had been lost over the course of the long river of time.</p> 
<p>In this regard, Fang Yuan's greatest hope was Lang Ya land spirit. There were several thousand Immortal Gu recipes in Lang Ya blessed land, there was hope that one of them was the Immortal Gu recipe of all-out effort Gu.</p>
    </body>
</html>
