<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1737: Heavenly Court&apos;s Foundation</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1737: Heavenly Court&apos;s Foundation</h1>
        
        <p>Liu Liu Liu had set foot in the battlefield very early, but within his batch of Northern Plains experts, the others were already killed and only he remained.</p> 
<p>This battle was too dangerous and fierce, it was very common to see the sacrifice of rank eight Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Liu Liu Liu's achievements in this battle were brilliant, having killed at least eight Heavenly Court members. With his plentiful battle experiences, he had long been paying attention to Fairy Zi Wei and had already deduced that she was a crucial key in this battle!</p> 
<p>Now he suddenly sneak attacked, but this attack had been prepared for a long time.</p> 
<p>At that very instance, Fairy Zi Wei's hair stood on end, she was suffocated with a feeling of fatal danger that filled her mind!</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei was well-aware that she was simply unable to block the enemy with just her defensive methods. But she did not have the time to activate other defensive measures at this point!</p> 
<p>Right as Fairy Zi Wei was about to die, at the crucial moment, a Heavenly Court Gu Immortal rushed out from the side.</p> 
<p>It was Wu Shuang, who had reinforced Duke Long earlier!</p> 
<p>Swish!</p> 
<p>With a muffled noise, Liu Liu Liu's killer move that was like a grey knife pierced through Wu Shuang and even stabbed into Fairy Zi Wei's shoulder.</p> 
<p>"Damn it, this guy blocked most of the attack…" Liu Liu Liu's expression rapidly changed as he quickly disappeared on the spot.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei was heavily injured but Wu Shuang was dead.</p> 
<p>Liu Liu Liu disappeared without a trace, who knew whose life would be gone the next time he appeared.</p> 
<p>Boom!</p> 
<p>Air waves surged.</p> 
<p>Duke Long was sent flying hundreds of steps before he barely stabilized himself.</p> 
<p>He finally blocked Seven Extreme Desolation's killer move but the price he paid were his two hands and the dragon scales in front of his chest.</p> 
<p>His hands drooped down powerlessly, his dragon scales were completely destroyed and blood had already dyed his chest.</p> 
<p>Duke Long immediately activated healing methods but the dark path dao marks in his hands were extremely dense, moreover they were arranged in a mystical way which greatly hindered the healing effect.</p> 
<p>"Hahaha, Duke Long, you have been struck by our snake lure and dark life entanglement, you still want to recover your injuries in such a short period? Keep dreaming!" A voice from within Seven Extreme Desolation sneered.</p> 
<p>Next, Calamity Luck Altar changed its battle style as it suddenly drilled down into the ground and sneak attacked Duke Long from below.</p> 
<p>An immortal killer move was activated and struck Duke Long.</p> 
<p>A giant golden light sphere appeared and trapped Duke Long within it.</p> 
<p>The light sphere was constantly shrinking, diminishing the space that Duke Long had, his bones were making creaking noises, his dragon scales were falling off continuously and his dragon horns showed evident cracks.</p> 
<p>Bing Sai Chuan let out a huge breath of relief after seeing Duke Long trapped.</p> 
<p>Duke Long's speed was too shocking while this killer move Calamity Luck Altar used was rather slow and would have been difficult for it to land on him.</p> 
<p>Fortunately, Northern Plains Gu Immortals were highly adept in fighting, because they focused on his weaknesses, Duke Long's attention was drawn to them and he could only defend passively. The coordination with Seven Extreme Desolation was also growing increasingly, thus it created an opportunity for the killer move to strike Duke Long!</p> 
<p>Crack.</p> 
<p>A large part of Duke Long's dragon horns fell off.</p> 
<p>A huge amount of purple hair scattered in the air.</p> 
<p>The nine dragon phantoms of nine dragons protection killer move that coiled around Duke Long's body was barely resisting the huge pressure from the surroundings.</p> 
<p>"Duke Long, your dominance has passed, fate Gu will belong to my Longevity Heaven! As for you, death awaits!" Bing Sai Chuan's voice spread throughout the battlefield. He could only entrap Duke Long within this short period and could not take his life, but it did not matter, he could use this to lower Heavenly Court's morale.</p> 
<p>Sure enough, many Heavenly Court members were shaken when they saw Duke Long being trapped.</p> 
<p>Duke Long suddenly laughed loudly: "Even if I die here, so what? You Northern Plains Gu Immortals are not afraid of death, do you think Heavenly Court members fear death?"</p> 
<p>With just a few words, Heavenly Court's immortals cheered and their morale surged.</p> 
<p>"We went to hibernate because of our responsibilities, it was not because we feared death."</p> 
<p>"What a joke, would we fear death? We are members of Heavenly Court!"</p> 
<p>"We defend the glory of humanity, we have never feared sacrifices since the Remote Antiquity Era!!"</p> 
<p>The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals began to counterattack, not hesitating to use their physical bodies to block the killer moves of Northern Plains Gu Immortals. Once there was a chance, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals would disregard their own bodies to attack fiercely and try to take the Northern Plains experts down together with them.</p> 
<p>Northern Plains Gu Immortals were valiant but Heavenly Court Gu Immortals started to go crazy!</p> 
<p>"Damn it." Bing Sai Chuan realized the situation, he had intended to lower Heavenly Court's morale, but Duke Long's words actually destroyed his plan.</p> 
<p>Bing Sai Chuan sneered, his voice spreading throughout the battlefield once again: "Laughable! Your sacrifice is meaningless, no matter how many Gu Immortals are sacrificed on our side, they are only formed by the killer move of Red Lotus Demon Venerable, they were never alive to begin with. Using these dead people to exchange for your lives, we are definitely the ones winning here! How much foundation does your Heavenly Court have, how long can this go on?"</p> 
<p>"Foundation?" Duke Long sneered: "We have more than enough!"</p> 
<p>He began to retaliate.</p> 
<p>He was unable to use his two hands but his aura started to inflate as it covered him like a sturdy wall.</p> 
<p>Duke Long looked at Calamity Luck Altar with a gaze of disdain: "Your Longevity Heaven was founded in the Medieval Antiquity Era and it has only been about three hundred thousand years. As for our Heavenly Court? It has already been three million, eight hundred and seventy-nine thousand, six hundred and eighty-seven (3,879,687) years! Calculate it yourself, how many times longer it is compared to your Longevity Heaven! Don't try to estimate my Heavenly Court's foundation, hmph, you can never imagine it in your wildest dreams!"</p> 
<p>"Bing Sai Chuan, take a look at the immortal graveyard and then look at your laughable phantom River of Time."</p> 
<p>Bing Sai Chuan's expression sank but he was silent.</p> 
<p>He did not need to look, he had all along been observing these two areas.</p> 
<p>There were fewer and fewer Northern Plains Gu Immortals coming out from the phantom River of Time. But groups of Gu Immortals were still awakening from Heavenly Court constantly.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court's foundation was truly unfathomable.</p> 
<p>Duke Long continued: "How many people can a tribe have? How many geniuses will rise from a tribe? Bing Sai Chuan, look at our Central Continent. We chose all kinds of geniuses from all the mortals in Central Continent!"</p> 
<p>"Even if a tribe has a genius, can they truly nurture them? The tribe's blood and familial relations will become obstacles. This phenomenon of familial relations is much weaker in our sects. Moreover, the sect's competitions are more fair and transparent."</p> 
<p>"Even if a genius appears in the family of a tribe's higher-ups, how much effort can a tribe's Gu Immortal spend to cultivate this genius junior? Gu Immortals also have many things to do and are extremely busy. But in sects, a genius junior will receive guidance from many people. From the moment they start cultivating until they become a Gu Immortal, they will receive appropriate guidance. There are many missions in sects which provide ample benefits for guiding juniors! Let me ask, how many tribes can do this?"</p> 
<p>Duke Long's voice became louder and was filled with arrogance and pride: "Immortals of Northern Plains, you are truly courageous to dare to invade Heavenly Court! Unfortunately, your understanding is bound by your tribal system, you have really underestimated Heavenly Court's foundation!"</p> 
<p>Bing Sai Chuan was silent.</p> 
<p>He wanted to retort but there were no words he could say.</p> 
<p>Because the truth was right here in full view!</p> 
<p>There was a constant flow of Gu Immortals awakening from Heavenly Court's immortal graveyard.</p> 
<p>Over three million years ago, Remote Antiquity Era.</p> 
<p>Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable looked at the surrounding human Gu Immortals and nodded slightly: "All of Central Continent's Gu Immortals have gathered here, there are also a few friends from the other four regions."</p> 
<p>"Lord Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, we hurried here after receiving your call. We will listen to your instructions and teachings."</p> 
<p>Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable smiled and expressed his suggestion: "From today onwards, Central Continent will establish sects and take in disciples to impart our skills to the future generation."</p> 
<p>"What?"</p> 
<p>"Abolishing the clan system?"</p> 
<p>"I had already heard of this rumor, but Lord Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, you really want to do this?"</p> 
<p>"Isn't this too…"</p> 
<p>The human Gu Immortals discussed and showed reluctant expressions.</p> 
<p>Someone tried persuading in a careful tone: "Lord Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, you are the only rank nine Gu Immortal of the current world, if you want to establish your own clan, it will definitely be the number one super force in the whole world! Your children will inherit your glory and skills, all of our clans will definitely accept your clan's leadership."</p> 
<p>Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable shook his head slightly, he looked at the persuading Gu Immortal with a tranquil gaze: "Clan? I would like to ask you, in history, have there been any long lasting clans? Once a clan develops, the ties of blood relationship will become thin. When I had yet to be an Immortal Venerable, we fought with other variant human forces, besides our unity, it was because we made use of their internal conflicts. I want to create sects, an organization that does not rely on blood relations!"</p> 
<p>The human Gu Immortals kept silent for a while before someone gave a forceful smile: "Lord Immortal Venerable, you are correct, once a clan dominates, it is easy for their unity to become loose. But you are different, you are the first Gu Immortal to cultivate to rank nine! There might not even be a rank nine Immortal Venerable in the future."</p> 
<p>"As long as you are there in the clan, which member will dare to drift away? With your existence, this will be the clan with the strongest unity!"</p> 
<p>Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable nodded: "You are right. But what if I am not there? How much longer can I live?"</p> 
<p>The human Gu Immortals were dazed.</p> 
<p>Someone said: "Lord Immortal Venerable, you are at your prime right now!"</p> 
<p>Another person said: "We will constantly search for lifespan Gu, you will definitely be the Gu Immortal who will live the longest in history!"</p> 
<p>Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable smiled, saying with a tranquil tone: "But I will still die. Who can live forever in this world?"</p> 
<p>He shook his head and sighed, replying to himself: "No one."</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortals were silent.</p> 
<p>Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable continued: "Besides lifespan Gu, other lifespan extension methods all have flaws. But even if we gather lifespan Gu, we all know that lifespan Gu will keep on decreasing in production, isn't that so?"</p> 
<p>The human Gu Immortals remained silent.</p> 
<p>"This is heaven's will." Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable raised his head, his gaze seemingly piercing through the cave walls, directly observing the clouds and heavens: "The way of heaven takes away surpluses while replenishing deficits, there has never been a supreme existence with eternal life! The tallest tree will suffer the greatest damage from the wind, a tall pile of sand will crumble from the rushing tides. New variant human experts will emerge to replace the old, our human race is also the same."</p> 
<p>"I might be invincible in the world but it is only temporary, I will die one day. This involves the Heavenly Dao, Fate, as well as Rules and Regulations, they are all recorded in the &lt;&lt;The Legends of Ren Zu&gt;&gt;."</p>
    </body>
</html>
