<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1585: Fang Yuan&apos;s Attainment Levels</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1585: Fang Yuan&apos;s Attainment Levels</h1>
        
        <p>This dream realm was not very big.</p> 
<p>The reason why Fang Yuan could find it was because he had thrown this dream realm out personally.</p> 
<p>Back then, he disguised as Wu Yi Hai and entered the righteous path, secretly entering dream realms to raise his attainment level. When the battle started, Heavenly Court interfered and Purple Mountain True Monarch died, Fang Yuan inherited Shadow Sect and brought the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies and escaped for his life.</p> 
<p>Along the way, he used the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies to resist the strong enemies and managed to escape safely.</p> 
<p>But he used up all the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies in the process.</p> 
<p>This place was where Fang Yuan fought against Yi clan's Gu Immortals, he detonated two Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies and forced back Yi clan's Immortal Gu House Bay Pavilion.</p> 
<p>After the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies detonated, they formed into this dream realm. The Southern Border Gu Immortals were not going to let it go, after some contest, two clans won and created an immortal formation to develop using this dream realm.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan used Fixed Immortal Travel to arrive here and sent the guarding Gu Immortals running before he destroyed the immortal formation.</p> 
<p>Even though using great thief ghost hand now could steal Gu worms, it could not target Immortal Gu specifically, with so many mortal Gu here, there was a big chance of great thief ghost hand stealing mortal Gu consecutively.</p> 
<p>To prevent the immortal formation from sending reinforcements or self-detonating, Fang Yuan decided to strike first and destroyed it.</p> 
<p>Even though Immortal Gu were unique, Fang Yuan did not really mind it now.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had a lot of Immortal Gu, after slaughtering the rockman and snowman Gu Immortals, he gained a lot of rank six and seven Immortal Gu, there was going to be a headache later on how to feed them.</p> 
<p>What Fang Yuan lacked were Immortal Gu that suited him, firstly, they had to be rank seven for him, rank six Immortal Gu were too low ranked now. And the path also had to be among the ones he was specialized in.</p> 
<p>With Fang Yuan's refinement path quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment level, any Immortal Gu recipe could be turned into an immortal killer move, if he needed any specific Immortal Gu, he could use Immortal Gu to deduce recipes and use them instead. (Of course, the deduction's difficulty would vary according to the specific situations. Even with the light of wisdom, some Immortal Gu recipes that needed decades or even centuries would be ignored by Fang Yuan in this case.)</p> 
<p>"Hmm, the dream realm has shrunk a little." Fang Yuan noticed when he took a second look.</p> 
<p>The original dream realm was made of two Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, it was slightly smaller now.</p> 
<p>"Because others explored it and consumed it…"</p> 
<p>Other Gu Immortals did not have Fang Yuan's advanced methods, but they could still explore it for dream path Gu materials.</p> 
<p>But these materials could be harvested in their own dreams too. The true value of dream realms was the true meaning left behind by others, the Southern Border Gu Immortals were simply giving up the treasure for scraps. But they were happy to do this, the forces were busy gathering dream path Gu materials and buying them for high prices in treasure yellow heaven."</p> 
<p>"If I remember correctly, these two dream realms are ice and snow path along with space path."</p> 
<p>These dream realms originate from Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he was a great grandmaster in every path, his dream realms comprise all the different paths currently known.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had specially chosen these Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies. But because he was trying to escape, he gave up on them as they were not very useful to him.</p> 
<p>But that was in the past, right now, they were very useful.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan needed space path attainment level, because he could design an immortal killer move for Fixed Immortal Travel so that the teleportation time was reduced.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan needed ice and snow path attainment level even more. He had just killed many variant human Gu Immortals, the immortal apertures that the snowman Gu Immortals left behind were mostly ice and snow path, he needed attainment level to annex them.</p> 
<p>"Right now, among my paths, refinement path is the highest at quasi-supreme grandmaster."</p> 
<p>"Followed by theft path at great grandmaster."</p> 
<p>"The third group of strength path, wisdom path, star path, transformation path, blood path, dark path, formation path, and water path are all at grandmaster attainment level."</p> 
<p>"The fourth group are luck path, soul path, enslavement path, and earth path at master attainment level."</p> 
<p>"Below that are sword path, space path, time path, dream path, poison path, fire path, metal path, and others, they are all ordinary."</p> 
<p>"And finally, information path, ice and snow path, qi path, light path, sound path, phantom path, rule path, and others, I have not been involved in them in both lives."</p> 
<p>Among all his paths, Fang Yuan needed to raise time path the most!</p> 
<p>His time path attainment level was only ordinary, Fang Yuan had to become a grandmaster at the very least.</p> 
<p>"Heavenly Court is too big and strong, it had countless hibernating experts. Even now, with the wisdom path great expert Fairy Zi Wei leading them, with Chen Yi and the rest supporting her, they managed to invade Lang Ya blessed land without even Duke Long's presence."</p> 
<p>"If not for Long Hair Ancestor's and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's agreement, so that Lang Ya blessed land could gain Longevity Heaven's assistance, it would have fallen already."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was not someone who did not know his limit, he knew clearly: even if he had reverse flow protection seal and emperor yama, or even if he deduced Luo Po seal, he was only counted as a rank eight Gu Immortal, against Heavenly Court, his strength as a single individual was useless.</p> 
<p>In his previous life, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable led Shadow Sect and successfully defied heaven, mixing into Heavenly Court and concealing himself, becoming the mastermind that wreaked havoc in the five regions, secretly supporting Ma Hong Yun and Western Desert's Tang clan, even causing the death of Feng Jiu Ge in Lang Ya blessed land and Feng Jin Huang's death by Fang Yuan and the others, Shadow Sect was behind all these events, they had unfathomably deep influence.</p> 
<p>But now, heaven's will used Fang Yuan as a pawn to rebirth and change the past, Shadow Sect lost the fight and Heavenly Court had the absolute advantage.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was using Shadow Sect's inheritance to maintain his footing, but it was too difficult to deal with Heavenly Court. The loss of Lang Ya blessed land was a clear example.</p> 
<p>"My only hope of defeating Heavenly Court is to obtain Red Lotus' true inheritance. Using the power of Red Lotus' true inheritance, I will resist Heavenly Court and destroy fate Gu!"</p> 
<p>"But to inherit Red Lotus' true inheritance, I will need to enter the River of Time. Heavenly Court must already have a huge force in there waiting for me!"</p> 
<p>Even now that Fairy Zi Wei and the rest were trapped in Lang Ya blessed land fighting against Longevity Heaven's experts, Fang Yuan did not think of exploring the River of Time.</p> 
<p>How could Fairy Zi Wei leave out such a big flaw?</p> 
<p>The River of Time contained countless time path dao marks, even though the sovereign immortal body was not restricted, when Fang Yuan uses killer moves of any other path, it would be greatly weakened. Rank six immortal killer moves would become as weak as mortal killer moves.</p> 
<p>Earlier, Fang Yuan entered the River of Time to catch Heavenly Court off guard, because he had the immemorial year monkey, and because Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had already taken over one of the stone lotus islands. Eventually, he used the stone lotus island to kill Lord Huang Shi, but in the process, he did not truly fight.</p> 
<p>And now, Fang Yuan wanted to find another true inheritance of Red Lotus, he wanted to find a new stone lotus island. The immemorial year monkey died in Lang Ya blessed land, while Fang Yuan's reverse flow protection seal, emperor yama and other killer moves were all weakened in there.</p> 
<p>"In the River of Time, the most suitable methods are time path killer moves!"</p> 
<p>"Even though I have Hei Fan's true inheritance and Spectral Soul's true inheritance has lots of time path details, the former lacks an offensive rank eight time path method, even though Years Flow Like Water is rank eight, its effect is to produce year Gu and create defensive killer moves. As for the latter, Spectral Soul's true inheritance has many time path offensive methods, including rank eight, but I do not have the necessary time path Immortal Gu."</p> 
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan wanted to obtain time path grandmaster attainment level and use the light of wisdom to deduce killer moves that he could use personally. With these methods, he would be able to resist Heavenly Court in the River of Time!</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Heaven's Will Dissipation!</p> 
<p>While thinking, Fang Yuan multi-tasked and completed his killer move.</p> 
<p>A grey-white light appeared on his body.</p> 
<p>The grey-white light spread into the dream realm in front him as it spread their radiance everywhere, like ink entering clear water.</p> 
<p>Soon, the entire dream realm was covered by grey-white light specks.</p> 
<p>The multicolored eyes appeared from these specks.</p> 
<p>These eyes were very special, they changed colors with each blink.</p> 
<p>The number of multicolored eyes increased rapidly, after a few breaths of time, they went from tens to hundreds, and to thousands in a flash.</p> 
<p>The colored eyeballs blinked continuously, each time they blinked, it was an attack against heaven's will.</p> 
<p>Eventually, the multicolored eyes fell in numbers until they vanished entirely.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Pure Dream Reality Seeker Transformation!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan used a second move as this dream realm condensed into two human figures, one was intact while the other was handicapped.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan opened his immortal aperture's entrance and sent these two Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies inside.</p> 
<p>Using Fixed Immortal Travel, he vanished in a few breaths of time, leaving behind an empty space.</p>
    </body>
</html>
