<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1240: Usefulness of Attainment Level</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1240: Usefulness of Attainment Level</h1>
        
        <p>Southern Border.</p> 
<p>Inside the super Gu formation.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan recalled the power of qi luck sensation, realizing the usefulness of attainment level.</p> 
<p>"The process of elevating qi luck sensation just now was quite tedious, but it was actually very easy."</p> 
<p>"Everything flowed naturally like water running down a drain."</p> 
<p>Ordinary Gu Immortals would face difficulty in trying to improve or complete an immortal killer move. For example, Vicious Lightning Fiend from Myriad Dragon Dock of the ten great ancient sects took years before creating the immortal killer move lightning deity.</p> 
<p>"Vicious Lightning Fiend's lightning deity was deduced using the remnant recipe of Blood Deity. It involved both lightning path and blood path. Vicious Lightning Fiend had enough lightning path attainment level, but his blood path attainment was just ordinary. Thus, he had to spend years, using resources from Myriad Dragon Dock, to succeed with difficulty."</p> 
<p>"This is the lack of attainment level, one can only deduce forcefully, maybe high wisdom path attainment level can provide a lot of help, otherwise, inspiration or time would be needed. Hei Fan was a time path great expert, but even he had many immortal killer moves that were not completed after his death, right?"</p> 
<p>"However, once the attainment level is sufficient, deducing killer moves will no longer be deductions, it would be an instinct, it is extremely easy."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought about it.</p> 
<p>Just now, he elevated the immortal killer move qi luck sensation, he only spent a few days.</p> 
<p>But the results were shocking!</p> 
<p>When creating the framework of the immortal killer move, Fang Yuan did not think much, he only had a vague concept in his mind.</p> 
<p>Next, when he chose Gu worms, as long as they were luck path or wisdom path mortal Gu, he had a strong instinct about the selection.</p> 
<p>Instinct?</p> 
<p>This was hard to imagine.</p> 
<p>It really was, but once the attainment level was sufficient, one's understanding towards Gu worms and the concepts of immortal killer moves of the specific paths would turn into an instinct of the Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>This instinct was like a natural skill, as if one had it since birth, it was simple and effortless.</p> 
<p>Like how someone could breathe through their nose, it was a natural thing.</p> 
<p>"Attainment level is one's understanding of the Great Dao."</p> 
<p>"My luck path attainment is master level, this allows me to have acute sensations towards all contents of luck path, it is hard to describe with words. When elevating qi luck sensation, I did not need to test anything, I already knew what Gu worms would be suitable as the supplementary Gu."</p> 
<p>"Similarly, for wisdom path, I have wisdom path grandmaster attainment level. My understanding of wisdom path surpasses luck path, thus, I could perfectly fuse unravel mystery Immortal Gu into qi luck sensation successfully."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan concluded and realized that the benefit of attainment level surpassed his former expectations.</p> 
<p>Being able to annex more immortal apertures was just a physical benefit.</p> 
<p>It had great effects on other aspects as well.</p> 
<p>"If I raise all of my attainment levels to grandmaster or even great grandmaster in the future, will I be able to create a terrifying killer move that uses all of the paths?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's thoughts started to wander.</p> 
<p>"In fact, Spectral Soul had already reached this level. Perhaps this was why he could create sovereign immortal fetus Gu?"</p> 
<p>Conceptualizing immortal killer moves was the same in essence as creating Immortal Gu recipes.</p> 
<p>Thinking of Spectral Soul, Fang Yuan subconsciously looked towards a certain direction in Southern Border.</p> 
<p>Not long ago, he had confirmed with qi luck sensation that Ying Wu Xie and gang were over in that direction in Southern Border.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had already known the rough range of their whereabouts.</p> 
<p>Even though Fang Yuan had deep killing intent towards Ying Wu Xie and the others, he thought about it and decided to make some preparations before starting his assault.</p> 
<p>Even though Fang Yuan hatched the upper extreme heavenly eagle, it only had rank six battle strength.</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie and the rest had wrong information, thinking that Fang Yuan had rank eight battle strength, but he could not possibly use this non-existent power to kill them, right?</p> 
<p>In the previous battle in Eastern Sea, Fang Yuan saw the strength of Ying Wu Xie and the others.</p> 
<p>This time, after a long while, Fang Yuan could not estimate whether Ying Wu Xie and the rest had inherited Shadow Sect's resources and gained a huge boost in strength.</p> 
<p>To play it safe, Fang Yuan made a lot of preparations, just in case.</p> 
<p>He wanted to use this chance to get rid of this huge threat!</p> 
<p>Qi luck sensation was a great example, Fang Yuan had also already started to fuse myriad self and sword dragon transformation.</p> 
<p>Other than that, he even borrowed Immortal Gu from Wu clan.</p> 
<p>This was the benefit of joining Wu clan.</p> 
<p>It was different from Lang Ya Sect, that was a sect and required sect contribution points. But Wu clan was a clan, Fang Yuan's identity was Wu Yi Hai, the younger brother of Wu Yong, he had the closest bloodline relationship in the entire clan.</p> 
<p>Thus, when Fang Yuan asked to borrow some Immortal Gu from Wu clan's treasury, Wu Yong did not stop him, he agreed.</p> 
<p>In fact, Wu Yong was quite satisfied with Fang Yuan's recent performance.</p> 
<p>After Fang Yuan went to the super Gu formation, he held his side of the agreement and did not interfere in Wu clan's politics, this allowed Wu Yong to easily gain control of Wu clan.</p> 
<p>Secondly, Fang Yuan, who acted as Wu Yi Hai, perfectly handled the immortal opportunity business. He displayed great political abilities and prevented Ba clan from interfering, he helped Wu clan control the situation and defend their territory inside the giant dream realm.</p> 
<p>This was a contribution to Wu clan, Wu Yong remembered Fang Yuan's contribution, thus he not only agreed to lend some Immortal Gu from the treasury, he even lowered the cost of doing so.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan paid a lot of Eastern Sea resources to borrow multiple Immortal Gu, among them were strength path dragon strength Immortal Gu and transformation path dragon scales Immortal Gu, they were all available. These Immortal Gu were added to fuse myriad self and sword dragon transformation, providing great help to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Bai Xiang grotto-heaven.</p> 
<p>Inside the super Gu formation, Hei Lou Lan, Shi Nu, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, and Ying Wu Xie were at four spots, defending against Bai Ning Bing.</p> 
<p>Howl howl howl...</p> 
<p>The super Gu formation was activated, intense winds blew, ice blades shot out, encircling the four Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>With Ying Wu Xie leading and the three immortals helping, they resisted the super Gu formation's pressure. Even though they were in a difficult state, the formation was still quite stable.</p> 
<p>Suddenly, a figure appeared in front of Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>It was Bai Ning Bing, but only her upper body was present, her lower half was like smoke.</p> 
<p>'Bai Ning Bing' appeared and charged towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was the weakest among the four immortals, Bai Ning Bing chose to attack him, it was the right choice.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly retreated!</p> 
<p>In the battle earlier, he had already seen how powerful Bai Ning Bing's attacks were, he suffered a lot due to it, if not for the other immortals' help, he would have died already.</p> 
<p>"Change! Shi Nu, go." Seeing Tai Bai Yun Sheng's predicament, Ying Wu Xie quickly commanded.</p> 
<p>A white light appeared on all four of them, before a deep eerie sigh was heard in the sky.</p> 
<p>Shi Nu and Tai Bai Yun Sheng had changed locations, swapping as Shi Nu faced 'Bai Ning Bing''s attack.</p> 
<p>Shi Nu grunted, defending against it.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was behind Shi Nu, seeing this, he quickly used his cloud path Immortal Gu to heal him.</p> 
<p>"Bai Ning Bing is getting stronger, she is familiarizing herself with Bai Xiang's methods, she is in control of many ice and snow path Immortal Gu that Bai Xiang had. The longer this drags on, the worse it will be for us!"</p> 
<p>"Damn it!"</p> 
<p>"Bai Xiang heavenly spirit actually had the humans alike dragons Gu refinement method! Wasn't this method completely eliminated by Duke Long? How could he have missed this."</p> 
<p>"Also... during the battle earlier, I sensed something in my luck. Fang Yuan actually raised his detection method to this extent, even if I hide inside an immortal aperture now, he would still discover me."</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie was facing huge pressure!</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing betrayed them and was getting stronger every minute, Ying Wu Xie and the rest were desperately trying to defend against her, they could not leave.</p> 
<p>On the other hand, Fang Yuan knew where they were.</p> 
<p>But Ying Wu Xie had the information that Fang Yuan possessed rank eight battle strength! If he got here, Bai Xiang grotto-heaven could not block the immemorial desolate beast upper extreme heavenly eagle.</p> 
<p>This meant that Fang Yuan could appear at any moment. Ying Wu Xie would not even be surprised if Fang Yuan showed up suddenly at the next moment.</p> 
<p>"Bai Ning Bing, stop it! Fighting would harm us both, only working together will bring benefits."</p> 
<p>"Since you are now a dragonman, you are qualified to inherit the Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace. In the past, the dragonmen were extremely powerful with a large number of Gu Immortals, they managed to create Dragon Palace. After the dragonmen went extinct, Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace has been secretly hidden in a certain area of Eastern Sea. My Shadow Sect knows roughly where it is, but only someone who has used the humans alike dragons Gu refinement method to become a dragonman Gu Immortal can inherit it."</p> 
<p>"If you work with us, Dragon Palace will be yours!"</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie shouted.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing had no reaction, the super Gu formation was continuing to attack unceasingly.</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie was stifled, he called out: "Bai Ning Bing, it will be too late if you don't stop! A great enemy whom we both know of is coming, he has a rank eight level upper extreme heavenly eagle, and has already used luck path methods to find out our location."</p> 
<p>"I am not lying to you, our luck vibrated earlier, you must have sensed it too, right?"</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing snorted, transmitting: "I would like him to come here. I want to cooperate with him, even if I have to give up this Bai Xiang grotto-heaven, so be it."</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie was anxious, he yelled: "Aren't we clear what kind of person he is? You are playing with fire, you will get burned to a crisp in the end. Wait, why do you want to cooperate with him?"</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing sneered: "This is our business, it has nothing to do with you. The four of you should just die here!"</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie had a flash of inspiration: "I know, you want that rotation Gu in his hands? That's right, you used the humans alike dragons Gu refinement method but turned into a dragon lady. You want to become a man, you need to solve the origin of the issue. I have the Gu worm that you need! It is with me."</p> 
<p>"What?" Bai Ning Bing was surprised.</p> 
<p>For the first time since the super Gu formation attacking Ying Wu Xie had activated, it showed signs of slowing down.</p>
    </body>
</html>
