<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1896: Killed Instantly</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1896: Killed Instantly</h1>
        
        <p>Shen Cong Sheng stared intently at the surface of the Merit Obelisk.</p> 
<p>Although he did not show it, he was indeed feeling anxious at the moment.</p> 
<p>As the first supreme elder of Shen clan, he was in a high position of power. As a rank eight great expert, he could be said to be standing at the peak of Gu cultivation. However, facing the Paradise Earth true inheritance, his foundation was simply too shallow and insignificant.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was able to take on mid-sized missions, he had a huge advantage in getting the Paradise Earth true inheritance. Shen Cong Sheng was forced to do everything he could to catch up with Fang Yuan's footsteps.</p> 
<p>Although he had come here with a different purpose, the Paradise Earth true inheritance was right in front of him, he would not give up without trying his best to get it.</p> 
<p>Therefore, even though Shen Cong Sheng knew that Fang Yuan had the intention of sowing discord, he still forced the other Gu Immortals to exchange for the various rewards.</p> 
<p>In order to try to ease the emotions of the other Gu Immortals, Shen Cong Sheng also took out various immortal materials from his own immortal material to compensate them.</p> 
<p>However, it was clear that these immortal materials were far less valuable than the Paradise Earth true inheritance.</p> 
<p>The immortals were forced to comply with Shen Cong Sheng's orders due to his authority, their inner resentment naturally grew deeper and deeper.</p> 
<p>Shen Cong Sheng had lost the hearts of the people, and to make matters worse, these rewards exchanged by the group of immortals were not the one that allowed him to take on mid-sized missions.</p> 
<p>"The rewards on this list are a bit too numerous, excluding those rewards exchanged before, there are still three most likely rewards left." Shen Cong Sheng felt a headache.</p> 
<p>"Let's take a gamble." He knew that time could not be wasted, after a moment of deep deliberation, he used his merit points to choose and exchange for one of them.</p> 
<p>At the next moment, Shen Cong Sheng's expression turned dark.</p> 
<p>"This is not the one!" He gritted his teeth, feeling very dejected.</p> 
<p>He had lost the gamble.</p> 
<p>It was really bad luck.</p> 
<p>As such, they had spent almost all of their accumulated merit points, but what they obtained, although helpful, were not very significant in this situation.</p> 
<p>"Don't tell me it is this 'good person' title?" Shen Cong Sheng looked at the merit board, sighing deeply to himself.</p> 
<p>It was useless to say anything now.</p> 
<p>All he could do was to hurry up and accumulate more merit points, then continue to exchange for rewards.</p> 
<p>"But before that, I still need to appease these Gu Immortals." Shen Cong Sheng turned to look at the immortals.</p> 
<p>They had similarly unhappy expressions.</p> 
<p>Shen Cong Sheng was quite eloquent, after saying some words, he pulled out a batch of immortal materials and gave them to the immortals.</p> 
<p>Although the immortals received these immortal materials, their expressions only changed slightly.</p> 
<p>In this Dragon Whale Paradise, Shen Cong Sheng had rank eight battle strength but he could not do anything to them. This key was the most important foundation for Shen Cong Sheng's declining influence.</p> 
<p>Swish swish swish...</p> 
<p>The tides were rising and falling, the fishy sea breeze blowing on his face, Fang Yuan stood in the clouds, overlooking the sea market below him from the sky.</p> 
<p>The sea market was a place where people sold and exchanged for cultivation resources, usually having fixed locations. Not long ago, Fang Yuan disguised himself as Qi Sea Ancestor to hold the Eastern Sea banquet, in a way, it was a super-sized sea market, it almost involved all of the Gu Immortals in Eastern Sea.</p> 
<p>The same type of sea markets existed in Dragon Whale Paradise, and there were quite a few of them.</p> 
<p>This sea market that Fang Yuan observed was centered around a small island, with numerous fishing boat-like Gu Houses surrounding the island.</p> 
<p>For more than half of each year, this island would be flooded by seawater, so this sea market was not open all year round.</p> 
<p>Because of its advantageous location, the island sea market became an indispensable trading area. Even if it was not open for half the time each year, as long as it opened, the surrounding Gu Masters and forces would flock to it.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was very familiar with this sea island, he had come here in his previous life.</p> 
<p>In his previous life, Xia Lin had been framed on this island by an unscrupulous merchant, the mission Fang Yuan had happened to take was to punish this merchant severely, he saved Xia Lin as a result.</p> 
<p>In this life, Fang Yuan also took the mission and came here, but it was a mid-sized mission, completely different from the previous time in terms of characters involved.</p> 
<p>The sea market was extremely lively.</p> 
<p>There was a huge crowd of people moving around, having both humans and merfolk.</p> 
<p>"Come, come, take a look, this is a superb crystal coral."</p> 
<p>"There are three Gu house River Boats left, quickly buy them before they are sold out!"</p> 
<p>"Purchasing grand soil, I will buy as many as you can sell..."</p> 
<p>Xia Lin appeared.</p> 
<p>She moved on the deck, observing the goods at the stalls as she made her way towards the core island.</p> 
<p>Unlike before, she was energetic and her eyes had life in them, after receiving Fang Yuan's guidance and teaching after a life-and-death situation, she had improved drastically from the inside out.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan activated his investigative method, surveying the surrounding hundred li.</p> 
<p>As soon as Xia Lin appeared, he found her.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not approach Xia Lin, but continued to scout the interior of the island, as well as the depths of the sea.</p> 
<p>An immortal level formation gradually appeared in his perception.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan could not help but praise it in his mind as he looked at it.</p> 
<p>The structure of this immortal formation was very profound, it was a formation that was mainly earth path and water path, its role was to sustain the island, managing the surrounding sea currents and improving the environment of the entire surrounding sea.</p> 
<p>But now, this immortal formation was damaged, the earth path portion was eroded while the water path portion was not changed much.</p> 
<p>There was originally a balance of earth path and water path. Now, with the weakening of earth path, water path became more overbearing. The island was able to remain open the entire year in the past, but because of the damage to the formation, it would be submerged in water for half of each year.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan wanted to repair the formation now.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's abilities, however, were still somewhat lacking. His formation path attainment level was not bad, being at grandmaster. But to use the natural dao marks to create a formation, he would have to be a great grandmaster.</p> 
<p>At the same time, his water path attainment level was at grandmaster, while his earth path attainment level was only master.</p> 
<p>And the problem was that this formation needed fixing in the earth path aspect.</p> 
<p>"This formation is not the work of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, but a certain formation path great grandmaster instead." Fang Yuan analyzed.</p> 
<p>If it were Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable himself, it would definitely gave the style and size of a formation like regret crying sea.</p> 
<p>In the previous life, Fang Yuan and the others had discovered that they were not the first batch of Gu Immortals to come into the Dragon Whale Paradise.</p> 
<p>There were also predecessors who had entered here before to receive missions and earn merit points.</p> 
<p>Evidently, the formation Fang Yuan saw was the work of a certain predecessor.</p> 
<p>"There's no need to hurry, looking at the time, there should be some gain at Wu Shuai's end soon." While Fang Yuan continued his surveillance and transmitted the information he detected to the time path clone for deductions, he also stealthily descended and mixed in with the crowd, following after Xia Lin.</p> 
<p>Xia Lin entered a gambling den.</p> 
<p>The door had three words written on it, Golden Jade House, it was clearly a high grade gambling den among the mortals.</p> 
<p>This gambling den had tens of huge rocks in the hall, behind the hall were many rooms with an assortment of rock dissecting Gu worms for the customers to enjoy using.</p> 
<p>"I'm here to return the loan." Xia Lin took out an information path mortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Several months ago, her only family member, her grandfather, died.</p> 
<p>Merfolk sea funerals were very expensive. In order to bury her grandfather, she had to borrow primeval stones.</p> 
<p>To repay the debt, she had to take a risk and collect black oil, almost dying in the Earth Trench as a result. Fortunately, she met Fang Yuan and was saved miraculously, not only that, her strength even rose drastically thanks to his help.</p> 
<p>Just like in her previous life, Xia Lin obtained gather oil Gu from Fang Yuan. Her efficiency in collecting oil increased, she quickly gathered a huge amount of primeval stones from selling oil.</p> 
<p>The one who attended to her was a scarred merman, after taking this information path mortal Gu, he smiled deviously: "Lass, you must have seen wrongly, our agreement is not like this."</p> 
<p>Xia Lin was slightly stunned, "What do you mean?"</p> 
<p>The surrounding Gu Masters knew about Golden Jade House's usual tricks, they saw this and shook their heads: "Sigh, another Gu Master has fallen for it again."</p> 
<p>Xia Lin talked to the other party and finally reacted.</p> 
<p>"You guys are shameless, you changed the agreement details, our contract was ten percent interest, but you raised it to sixty percent!" Xia Lin said with a furious expression.</p> 
<p>The scarred merman's face became solemn, he looked at Xia Lin with a vicious gaze: "Young lady, you cannot spread false news like that! Are you trying to ruin our reputation, this is detrimental to our business, who would come to our shop after this? Can you bear the cost of our losses?"</p> 
<p>"Screw you! Even if I die, I will expose this shop's evil deeds."</p> 
<p>The scarred merman changed his tone as he said eerily: "Die? You are too naive, sometimes, being alive is worse than dying."</p> 
<p>A sharp light shined in Xia Lin's eyes: "You forced my hand!"</p> 
<p>She shouted as she attacked.</p> 
<p>Swoosh!</p> 
<p>An explosion was heard as a torrent was shot out.</p> 
<p>The scarred merman did not expect that in this situation, an innocent and naive lass would dare to attack him, a rank three, in his territory, the Golden Jade House.</p> 
<p>The scarred merman was caught unprepared, he was washed away by the torrent, crashing into the wall as many decorations shattered.</p> 
<p>The commotion was huge, the Gu Masters who were quietly choosing and dissecting rocks all came to watch.</p> 
<p>A large number of eyes turned to look at Xia Lin and the scarred merman.</p> 
<p>"What happened?"</p> 
<p>"What happened?"</p> 
<p>The scarred merman was lying in rubble, he looked at Xia Lin with extreme disbelief and anger.</p> 
<p>He wanted to get up, but in the end, he only managed to raise his finger.</p> 
<p>After that, he collapsed and stopped breathing.</p> 
<p>"Dead... he died!"</p> 
<p>"Oh heavens, who is this girl? She actually killed a merman in one move."</p> 
<p>"He was a rank three Gu Master!"</p> 
<p>The crowd went into a commotion, the Gu Masters were deeply shocked.</p> 
<p>Xia Lin was also quite surprised by this, she was only rank two now, but the Gu worms that Fang Yuan gave her were all incredibly useful, they could form very powerful killer moves.</p> 
<p>After Xia Lin used these Gu worms to form a rank two killer move, she killed a rank three Gu Master in one hit.</p> 
<p>The mermaid girl was stunned.</p> 
<p>She was dazed on the spot.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan smiled as he transmitted to her.</p> 
<p>"Master Chu!" The mermaid girl heard his voice as her eyes shined, she spoke with deep joy.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan did not show up, he instructed the mermaid girl on how to find an excuse to take over the entire Golden Jade House in a dignified and justified manner.</p>
    </body>
</html>
