<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1594: Righteous Path Schemes Against Fang Yuan</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1594: Righteous Path Schemes Against Fang Yuan</h1>
        
        <p>"We need to get rid of Fang Yuan, he dared to attack our righteous path's formation openly, he is too daring!" Luo clan's first supreme elder screamed.</p> 
<p>"This time, our clan's Gu Immortal was sacrificed heroically, this demon Fang Yuan already has the blood of two Gu Immortals on his hands, he needs to pay the price!" Hou clan's first supreme elder said in an aged tone, filled with rage.</p> 
<p>Yao clan's first supreme elder sighed: "Fang Yuan needs to be dealt with, but he is not an ordinary demonic path Gu Immortal. His identity is very complex, he not only is an otherworldly demon, he also has Spring Autumn Cicada and has returned from the future, he destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and has Giant Sun's true inheritance, he also inherited Spectral Soul true inheritance and became the leader of Shadow Sect, as well as the funding of Lang Ya blessed land. Even with Central Continent Heavenly Court's pursuit, he still remains scot-free, he continued to harm the world while getting stronger at a rapid rate, far beyond logic. To speak the truth, he has the demeanor of a Demon Venerable in his youth."</p> 
<p>"Hmph! There will only be Great Dream Immortal Venerable in the future, there will not be a Great Dream Demon Venerable. Yao clan, are you afraid?" Xia clan's first supreme elder immediately said sarcastically.</p> 
<p>Yao clan's first supreme elder snickered: "I'm just stating the truth. If we want to kill Fang Yuan, we need to recognize this truth. Like how your Xia clan lost to my Yao clan earlier."</p> 
<p>"You!" Xia clan's first supreme elder was incredibly furious.</p> 
<p>Recently, due to the turbulence of the earth veins, large amounts of cultivation resources were unearthed from underground, Southern Border's righteous path, demonic path, and lone cultivators competed for them. During this period, lots of conflict was natural, Xia clan had fallen into an ambush by Yao clan and lost, but Yao clan paid a huge price too. Therefore, their conversation was very hostile.</p> 
<p>"Alright, our discussion is not for bickering, we need to plan on how to deal with Fang Yuan. If he continues his plunder, what will we do?" At this time, Shang clan's first supreme elder spoke in a moderate tone.</p> 
<p>There was silence.</p> 
<p>Shang clan had always been neutral and was specialized in trading with all the different forces. When Shang clan's first supreme elder spoke, everyone had to listen.</p> 
<p>A while later, Ba clan's first supreme elder broke the silence: "Fang Yuan must have ways to explore dream realms and obtain great benefits. Otherwise, why would he impersonate Wu Yi Hai back then to get into our righteous path? This time, he attacked Plunder Shadow Earth Trench and took all the dream realms away, this proves my point. I wonder what Wu clan's first supreme elder has to say about this?"</p> 
<p>Wu clan's first supreme elder was naturally none other than Wu Yi Hai's elder brother — Wu Yong.</p> 
<p>Wu clan has already dominated the number one spot in the righteous path, Ba clan had been after their position, but Wu Yong showed up with Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, destroying Ba clan's hope of replacing them as they solidified their status. Ba clan would not let this chance go now.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong was silent for a while before speaking: "Fang Yuan is an enemy of everyone. Yesterday, he plundered Chi clan's resources, tomorrow, he might show up anywhere else, our resources and even clansmen might be targeted by him."</p> 
<p>Wu Yong said plainly that dealing with Fang Yuan was the responsibility of all the Southern Border righteous path members. Ba clan and others could not make Wu clan take on this role and exert great effort alone.</p> 
<p>Hearing Wu Yong's words, many people frowned.</p> 
<p>Wu Du Xiu and Wu Yong were vastly different. If this was Wu Du Xiu, she would charge ahead as the vanguard, that was the style of Wu clan.</p> 
<p>But Wu Yong stepped back this time, it was as if the humiliation that Fang Yuan gave to Wu clan earlier did not exist.</p> 
<p>Ba clan's first supreme elder was not going to let Wu Yong off, he added: "The reason why Fang Yuan is a problem to deal with is because he has Fixed Immortal Travel. I wonder if Wu clan's first supreme elder has any good method to restrict Fixed Immortal Travel?"</p> 
<p>Wu Yong smiled bitterly: "I am ashamed, Wu clan does not have such methods. I cannot compare to my mother, we can defend ourselves but that is our limit. In my opinion, Chi clan's first supreme elder set up effective immortal formations earlier, even though Fang Yuan broke through, he still spent quite some time. Why doesn't Chi clan's first supreme elder help us to set up immortal formations around our resource points, so that we can stall for some time when Fang Yuan attacks?"</p> 
<p>Chi clan's first supreme elder Chi Qu You quickly waved his hand: "I am ashamed! My immortal formations were all destroyed by Fang Yuan, I will disappoint all of you."</p> 
<p>Wu Yong smiled: "No need to be so humble, Fang Yuan did not manage to destroy the formation on Wind Flame Mountain. The immortal formation set up in Plunder Shadow Earth Trench also blocked Fang Yuan's assault once. But his formation path attainment level is too high, he was friends with your clan's formation devotee Chi Shang, we all know that."</p> 
<p>Wu Yong's words had deep meaning, Chi Qu You snorted coldly, he remained silent.</p> 
<p>Southern Border's super forces had all sorts of resource points. If Chi Qu You had to set up immortal formations one by one, when would he finish?</p> 
<p>And most importantly, this matter was very sensitive.</p> 
<p>Resource points were the most important areas of the different clans, they would not feel easy if outsiders were the ones setting up their defenses.</p> 
<p>Among the clans here, only Chi clan had been plundered, without experiencing it for themselves, the other clans did not feel an urge to ask for Chi Qu You's help.</p> 
<p>Chi Qu You understood this, which was why he stopped talking.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong saw that Chi Qu You was silent, he could not say anything else.</p> 
<p>At this moment, Tie clan's first supreme elder said excitedly: "Actually, Wu clan first supreme elder's method is the best way to deal with Fang Yuan, but that is only half of it. Chi clan's first supreme elder's immortal formations can block Fang Yuan for some time. At this time, if there is our Tie clan's Beacon Tower, we would be able to teleport there and block Fang Yuan, to kill him together! With the combination of both methods, Fang Yuan is not a problem at all!"</p> 
<p>Once he said that, the Gu Immortals became even quieter.</p> 
<p>Beacon Tower was an Immortal Gu House of Tie clan, its greatest use was similar to Western Desert Xiao clan's Ten Thousand Li Silk Corridor. This Gu House was made of multiple Beacon Towers, they could transport Gu Immortals to each other, if many Beacon Towers were put together, they could even transport rank eight Gu Immortals!</p> 
<p>Tie clan first supreme elder's idea was not wrong. In fact, Tie clan had been trying to set up more Beacon Towers around Southern Border.</p> 
<p>But this arrangement was too much of a threat to the other super forces. Thus, the forces had been trying to stop Tie clan from creating more Beacon Towers.</p> 
<p>And now, Tie clan's first supreme elder used this chance to promote the Beacon Towers again, the leaders of the different clans did not agree, they only kept silent, showing their resistance to it.</p> 
<p>"I have another plan." A long while later, Shang clan's first supreme elder spoke.</p> 
<p>After fifteen minutes, the discussion between these Southern Border righteous path leaders concluded.</p> 
<p>Under the moonlight, Chi Qu You stopped using his killer move, he flew in the sky while riding a thick cloud, having an eerie gaze.</p> 
<p>Southern Border's Gu Immortal world was full of conflicts between major forces to begin with. During this period, the earth veins shook, while it gave great benefits, it also intensified the conflict between forces. This made the super forces more hostile to each other.</p> 
<p>Other than scheming against each other, just look at this time when Fang Yuan attacked Chi clan's resource points, not a single force helped them out.</p> 
<p>After flying for some time, Chi Qu You's vision changed, he ended up in an immortal battlefield.</p> 
<p>He was not nervous, because this was yama battlefield.</p> 
<p>He had already set up a meeting time with Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"These are yours." Fang Yuan tossed out multiple Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies and an information path mortal Gu: "Where are my things?"</p> 
<p>"I brought them." Chi Qu You took out a large number of immortal essence stones and immortal materials of all kinds, there was also one information path mortal Gu, an information path inheritance was recorded in it.</p> 
<p>Both sides inspected the goods and traded successfully before parting. Chi Qu You frowned lightly while Fang Yuan smiled.</p> 
<p>"Chi clan's first supreme elder, in the future, I will transact with you again!" Before leaving, Fang Yuan transmitted.</p> 
<p>"How will you contact me?"</p> 
<p>"You will know by then."</p> 
<p>Both sides quickly left the place, they were extremely alert, nobody found out about this transaction.</p> 
<p>"The information in this Gu worm is not complete, I can see that Fang Yuan still has a lot of dream path research results. But what I obtained this time has already far exceeded the other super forces of Southern Border!" Chi Qu You looked at the dream realms in his immortal aperture as he sighed deeply.</p> 
<p>Thinking of Fang Yuan, his gaze turned dark: "Fang Yuan is a scoundrel, he obviously wants to cooperate with me again. After all, he wants to know about Yi Tian Mountain's formation, I should work with him now and obtain more dream path research results, I will use Southern Border's righteous path in the future to eliminate him afterwards!"</p> 
<p>The transaction between Chi Qu You and Fang Yuan was merely for benefits. His intention to take down Fang Yuan now was also for benefits.</p> 
<p>After all, if Fang Yuan sold these dream path research results to other super forces, Chi clan's advantage would be lost, their benefits would be greatly affected.</p> 
<p>"Even though I gave Chi clan a few dream realms this time, I have already obtained a lot of time path dream realms, I am going to cultivate now and raise my time path attainment level!" Fang Yuan was thinking and planning.</p> 
<p>Chi clan had obtained dream path methods, they naturally needed more dream realms to explore. Even though Yi Tian Mountain had a huge dream realm, they could not explore it under everyone's watchful gaze, that was too risky.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan wanted to encourage these transactions but he did not want Chi clan to be exposed either.</p> 
<p>"This time, I succeeded in invading Plunder Shadow Earth Trench, Southern Border's righteous path must be plotting against me. Even though Fixed Immortal Travel is good, it can be countered. Let alone the foundation of Southern Border's righteous path, close connections between Wu Yong and Heavenly Court will make sure they help out as well. I should lay low now."</p> 
<p>The truth was, Fang Yuan could use the dream path research results to find any super force and become allies with them to undergo transactions.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan chose Chi clan, there were reasons behind it.</p> 
<p>The most important reason was that during the chaotic period of his previous life, Chi clan was a firm force in resisting Heavenly Court!</p> 
<p>In his previous life, Wu clan was the same, but because Wu Yong managed to take back many Immortal Gu from Southern Border's righteous path this time, Fang Yuan thought about it and could not trust them.</p>
    </body>
</html>
