<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1628: Present and Past Pavilion, Four Xunzi</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1628: Present and Past Pavilion, Four Xunzi</h1>
        <p><a epub:type="noteref" href="#n1"></a></p>
        <p>"Tao Zhu's true inheritance…"</p> 
<p>If this was months ago, Fang Yuan might be able to use the Southern Border Gu Immortals to exchange for this inheritance.</p> 
<p>But now, the Southern Border captives that he had were already annexed, he had already killed the hostages.</p> 
<p>These Southern Border Gu Immortals were all rank seven Gu Immortal experts, while Xia Cha had rank eight cultivation level. The sovereign immortal aperture annexed them as well as the immortal aperture blessed lands in City Well, Fang Yuan's cultivation level rose rapidly, he went from rank seven to rank eight, skipping the final rank seven grand tribulation.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan originally planned to continue capturing Southern Border Gu Immortals in the five regional mountain range before extorting them. But because of Lu Wei Yin, Fang Yuan's plan was disrupted.</p> 
<p>Not only did his cultivation level rise, because the sovereign immortal aperture could annex his enemies perfectly, Fang Yuan's dao marks also rose in huge numbers!</p> 
<p>Using perceivable dao Immortal Gu to check them, Fang Yuan's current dao mark accumulation was extremely deep.</p> 
<p>He originally had very little time path dao marks, almost at the bottom, but it had emerged to become his number one path, having seventy-three thousand dao marks. Almost all of it was Xia Cha's contribution, he had truly 'become wealthy from one single robbery'.</p> 
<p>With so many time path dao marks, Fang Yuan's time path killer moves could be amplified by seventy-four times. Along with the rank eight Gu Spring and Summer, his battle strength was extremely high now. Within the five regional mountain range, he managed to block the attacks of many Gu Immortals at once.</p> 
<p>Of course, he had made use of the territorial advantage of the five regional walls' trait, the Southern Border Gu Immortals could not work together well and conflicted with each other.</p> 
<p>The second was water path dao marks, reaching sixty thousand.</p> 
<p>He had a lot of water path accumulations, Fang Yuan had killed lone immortals Zhou Li, Wu Yi Hai, You Chan, and others, while many of the Eastern Sea lone immortals in City Well were also water path cultivators.</p> 
<p>Third was transformation path, having fifty thousand. It was originally first place, but had fallen to third place now.</p> 
<p>Fourth was soul path at thirty thousand. The immortal aperture's own dao marks, as well as the yellow spring ghost martial statue earthly calamity and green lightning divine martial statue heavenly tribulation, along with other accumulations, added up to twenty-nine thousand. The remaining hundreds were obtained from Fang Yuan's soul cultivation. According to Spectral Soul's true inheritance, after million man soul, ten million man soul, hundred million man soul, and desolate soul… after reaching desolate soul, there would be a thousand dao marks on the soul.</p> 
<p>Next were ice and snow path, rule path, metal path, wood path, fire path, wind path, and other common paths, they had about twenty thousand.</p> 
<p>After that were dark path, light path, strength path, qi path, luck path, sound path, blood light, and others, being around ten thousand.</p> 
<p>And finally, food path, phantom path, and others were in the thousands and hundreds category.</p> 
<p>Next, the dream realms.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had already explored all of his dream realms in these few months, all of his different paths had grown to certain extents.</p> 
<p>The highest was still refinement path at quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment level!</p> 
<p>Second were theft path and time path at great grandmaster level.</p> 
<p>Third were blood path, strength path, star path, wisdom path, and others, they were all at grandmaster level. Rule path and soul path also entered this category.</p> 
<p>The paths below that will not be explained in detail.</p> 
<p>Unlike dao marks, attainment level was harder to raise as it got higher. The ones with the most evident growth were time path, soul path, and rule path.</p> 
<p>Other than dao marks and dream realms, Fang Yuan's development of the sovereign immortal aperture had also risen greatly due to his annexing of immortal apertures, it had reached fifteen percent development.</p> 
<p>And worth noting was that in Xia Cha's immortal aperture, Fang Yuan found a year essence pool!</p> 
<p>This way, Fang Yuan's sovereign immortal aperture had two year essence pools.</p> 
<p>Other than these, Fang Yuan's greatest gains were two things.</p> 
<p>One was Luo Po seal.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had always been trying to create this immortal killer move, he only succeeded recently.</p> 
<p>The other was an incomplete Immortal Gu House.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had wanted to build his own Immortal Gu House long ago, so that Hei Lou Lan, Bai Ning Bing, and the rest could fight in battle with him.</p> 
<p>To create this Immortal Gu House, Fang Yuan took reference from Secluded Residence, Cloud City, Dark Flow Giant City, Profound Ice House, Unbreakable Iron Fortress, Blood River Chariot, Nightmare Castle,Green Wave Pavilion, Weaving Cocoon Manor, Golden Altar, Regret Pool, Sacred Feather City, Bai He Palace, and other Immortal Gu Houses, while the skeleton of the design was based on Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage.</p> 
<p>Several months ago, while extorting Southern Border's righteous path to exchange Gu for Gu, Fang Yuan obtained many crucial Immortal Gu that allowed him to create the skeleton.</p> 
<p>This Immortal Gu House was created by Fang Yuan himself, it was unprecedented. Because he needed to enter the River of Time, it mainly used time path Immortal Gu, it had a comprehensive range of abilities and most excelled in concealment.</p> 
<p>Even though it was only a skeleton now, it had great battle strength in the five regional mountain range. Ying Wu Xie and the rest relied on this to cooperate with Fang Yuan, successfully capturing Jun Shen Guang.</p> 
<p>In the River of Time, waves rose and fell, water splattered everywhere, creating beautiful rainbow light.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan rode in the incomplete Immortal Gu House as he traveled slowly in the river.</p> 
<p>The rank six time path clone had already emerged from the sovereign immortal aperture, standing beside him as he shut his eyes, sensing internally.</p> 
<p>Red Lotus Demon Venerable had left behind many true inheritances scattered in the River of Time, Spring Autumn Cicada was the key to finding them.</p> 
<p>But the River of Time was extremely huge, in order to find the several stone lotus islands, other than luck, he also needed lots of time and energy to explore.</p> 
<p>"It would be best if we could find a Red Lotus true inheritance in this exploration of the River of Time."</p> 
<p>"But most importantly, we need to test Heavenly Court's arrangements and catch them off guard, if possible, we need to destroy their arrangements!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought as he searched Jun Shen Guang's soul in the sovereign immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>Jun Shen Guang's soul originally had light path dao marks to protect it, but after Fang Yuan's Luo Po seal struck, the defense was destroyed, at the same time, Jun Shen Guang's soul was injured, he was on the verge of death.</p> 
<p>Precisely so, after Ying Wu Xie used lead soul into dream, Jun Shen Guang was directly hit and fell asleep.</p> 
<p>The condition to use lead soul into dream killer move was to sense the soul and compare the strength between the enemy's soul and the user to determine the success.</p> 
<p>Being able to deal such damage to a rank eight Gu Immortal, it showed how powerful Luo Po seal was!</p> 
<p>However, compared to reverse flow protection seal, and seeing how Fang Yuan used Luo Po Valley as the core of this move, it was not very surprising that it had such power.</p> 
<p>Right now, Jun Shen Guang's soul was extremely weak, he could not defend against Fang Yuan's method, information was obtained by Fang Yuan continuously.</p> 
<p>"What arrangements did Heavenly Court make? Jun Shen Guang must know about them."</p> 
<p>A moment later, Fang Yuan's brows eased as he found something: "Oh? Time path Immortal Gu House Present and Past Pavilion…"</p> 
<p>He had just thought of this when the water in front of him rose up, a huge pavilion was riding the waves and approaching.</p> 
<p id="r1">This pavilion was not covered on all four sides, it was very simplistic. The cover was made of yellow grass, the pillars were grey white rocks that were not polished. There was a folding screen<a epub:type="noteref" href="#n1" role="doc-noteref">[1]</a> in the pavilion, it was the most elegant decoration in there. Four Gu Immortals stood in the pavilion, they all had rank seven cultivation level, looking at Fang Yuan's incomplete Immortal Gu House, their eyes flashed with a dangerous light.</p> 
<p>"This Present and Past Pavilion is a pure time path Immortal Gu House, it can inspect the past and present, it is best at investigation. Heavenly Court placed it here, the moment I entered, they noticed. Amazing, amazing!" Fang Yuan's heart sank a little, but he praised on the surface, explaining to Ying Wu Xie and the rest.</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie, Bai Ning Bing, and the rest frowned lightly or had dark gazes.</p> 
<p>They understood something, Fang Yuan's incomplete Immortal Gu House was best at concealing traces, to think that Present and Past Pavilion would be able to find them. This was like their advantage getting countered, even before fighting, they had gotten into a passive situation.</p> 
<p>Present and Past Pavilion got to Fang Yuan and the rest before stopping, staying a thousand steps away from the incomplete Immortal Gu House.</p> 
<p>Someone spoke coldly from within the pavilion: "Central Continent's Four Xunzi are here to guard the river, demon, don't think of advancing."</p> 
<p>A person behind him said: "That's right, you'll have to step over our corpses if you want to pass!"</p> 
<p>"Four Xunzi…" Fang Yuan directly soul searched Jun Shen Guang and quickly got the information of these four people.</p> 
<p>It turned out that these four were time path Gu Immortals, they were quadruplets, found by Spirit Butterfly Valley when they were young and specially nurtured. They comprised three older brothers and one younger sister, they were Shang Xunzi, Zhong Xunzi, Xia Xunzi, and Xun Guo Zi respectively.</p> 
<p id="n1" role="doc-footnote" epub:type="footnote">[1] Just google chinese folding screen and you'll see. <a href="#r1">Back</a></p>
    </body>
</html>
