<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1601: Years Flow Execution Formation</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1601: Years Flow Execution Formation</h1>
        
        <p>The surrounding space became sealed, heaven and earth were fused at once, this was an area of blue space.</p> 
<p>The Southern Border immortals' expressions changed.</p> 
<p>"This is a trap!" Someone shouted.</p> 
<p>Many people were flustered.</p> 
<p>Lu Wei Yin was silent, while Xia Cha's gaze became increasingly cold, she stared at Fang Yuan fixedly.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's smile gradually faded, turning into an expressionless face as he looked at these Southern Border Gu Immortals like he was a mighty deity.</p> 
<p>In the past, when Eastern Sea's wisdom path genius Hua An made deductions on him, Fang Yuan did a reverse deduction and found out about Hua An's identity. And now, when these Southern Border Gu Immortals chased after Fang Yuan, they were also exposed to him!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was a wisdom path grandmaster, how could he fall to their schemes so easily? He made himself bait to lure these Gu Immortals into a trap.</p> 
<p>"Stay calm! We have strength in numbers, what can just Fang Yuan do?"</p> 
<p>"That's right, we have Lady Xia Cha and Lord Lu Wei Yin, we are not afraid of his immortal battlefield!"</p> 
<p>"This immortal battlefield does not seem to be yama battlefield."</p> 
<p>"Of course, his yama battlefield has already been broken by Central Continent, the video is still playing in treasure yellow heaven, how can he still use it?"</p> 
<p>Southern Border's immortals were brilliant figures, they soon calmed down and regained their morale.</p> 
<p>At this time, Lu Wei Yin spoke: "This is not an immortal battlefield, it is a super immortal formation."</p> 
<p>"Time path formation." Xia Cha added.</p> 
<p>"Both of you are very perceptive." Fang Yuan smiled as he nodded.</p> 
<p>Among Fang Yuan's immortal battlefields, the strongest were purple star broken life and yama battlefield. The former was used to kill Qin Bai He and You Chan, while the latter had trapped Feng Jiu Ge and kept him in a desperate situation.</p> 
<p>But both were rank seven, they could not trap the rank eight Gu Immortals Xia Cha and Lu Wei Yin. Thus, Fang Yuan chose an immortal formation.</p> 
<p>Immortal formations and immortal battlefields were different.</p> 
<p>The Gu worms used for immortal battlefields were usually left on the Gu Immortal, and they would create an isolated environment for fighting. Meanwhile, for immortal formations, Gu worms remained in the outside world. Most immortal formations were defensive internally and offensive externally, Fang Yuan's time path formation had the effect of isolating the formation space, so that he could kill his enemies.</p> 
<p>Boom boom boom!</p> 
<p>Explosions occurred and continued unceasingly.</p> 
<p>"Since this is an immortal formation, we can find the formation cores and destroy them to break this formation!" Some Gu Immortals were impatient, they started to attack and probe this formation.</p> 
<p>But after a while, they found something amiss. The killer moves that burst out like fireworks were all extinguished without showing much effect.</p> 
<p>Tie Qu Zhong's expression changed, he shouted to remind them: "Everyone be careful, this formation is already active."</p> 
<p>"It is indeed a time path method to accelerate our killer moves and make them reach the time limit, causing them to fade away themselves." Liu Hao said in a dark tone.</p> 
<p>The Southern Border Gu Immortals' attacks halted, they started to change their methods.</p> 
<p>Chai clan's Gu Immortal puffed up his cheeks and blew out orange-red flames, they continued to spread out even when there was nothing to burn.</p> 
<p>Qiao clan's Gu Immortal placed his palms together as large pieces of ice started to gather and sweep everywhere.</p> 
<p>These methods were continuous and did not have much of a time limit.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's gaze was cold, he watched these Southern Border Gu Immortals attack without stopping them.</p> 
<p>At the next moment, the time path formation shook as the flames, ice, and other attacks all became slow.</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortals who were attacking felt their hearts sinking.</p> 
<p>"This immortal formation is so responsive, there must be people controlling it."</p> 
<p>"Who can it be? It must be Shadow Sect's remaining members!"</p> 
<p>The immortals conversed.</p> 
<p>As they had expected, Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, Lady White Rabbit, Fairy Miao Yin, and Ying Wu Xie were all in charge of one formation core each, they were manipulating this time path formation to kill the Southern Border immortals.</p> 
<p>Earlier, during the battle of Lang Ya, they were not strong enough to participate, but against these Southern Border pursuers, they were adequate.</p> 
<p>Southern Border's immortals went against Ying Wu Xie and the rest, while Fang Yuan, Lu Wei Yin, and Xia Cha remained watching. The surrounding Gu Immortals subconsciously left some space for the three of them.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's attention was on these two rank eight Gu Immortals. He knew clearly that these two would strike with a terrifying power the moment they attacked!</p> 
<p>Lu Wei Yin and Xia Cha did not act, but they were starting to investigate Fang Yuan's immortal formation.</p> 
<p>Lu Wei Yin was slightly frowning, he cultivated earth path, even though he could relate it to other paths, this time path formation was too intrinsic and brilliant, someone unfamiliar with it like him could not see through it easily.</p> 
<p>But Xia Cha was a time path great grandmaster, she could see more things than Lu Wei Yin. However, Fang Yuan's time path formation did not just have time path in it, it was also a formation path product!</p> 
<p>Xia Cha's formation path was only at ordinary attainment level.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan took out a time path killer move, Xia Cha could easily understand it, but the time path formation had this layer of added difficulty, making it an obstacle for Xia Cha.</p> 
<p>"Sect leader, we're ready!" At this time, Ying Wu Xie suddenly transmitted to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan smiled as he replied: "Then let them all in."</p> 
<p>Saying so, his figure faded in front of Lu Wei Yin's and Xia Cha's very eyes.</p> 
<p>Howl—!</p> 
<p>Right after he vanished, beast howls could be heard everywhere.</p> 
<p>Howl! Howl! Howl! Howl! Gah!</p> 
<p>At the next moment, a chain of wild beast cries started to resonate with each other.</p> 
<p>A huge spiral formed from nothingness as countless year beasts charged out like a rushing tide.</p> 
<p>These year beasts were of various forms, including monkey, snake, dragon, and tiger, they were all at least desolate beasts and even quite a few ancient desolate beasts among them.</p> 
<p>In the formation space, other than year beasts, there were only the Southern Border immortals.</p> 
<p>Wild year beasts did not have high intelligence, they soon directed their savage gazes towards the Southern Border Gu Immortals, they charged ahead.</p> 
<p>"Kill them all." Xia Cha said indifferently.</p> 
<p>Lu Wei Yin sighed.</p> 
<p>The Southern Border immortals turned around and started to fight these year beasts.</p> 
<p>Liu Hao waved his sleeves as countless flying blades shot out, slicing year beasts into pieces wherever they hit.</p> 
<p>"It seems that there is a tributary of the River of Time here, Fang Yuan is trying the same method again, he used a similar formation back when he fought Feng Jiu Ge, the resemblance is uncanny!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had once used the flood discharge formation to send Feng Jiu Ge into the River of Time, but now, this formation was the combination of three formations, creating years flow execution formation.</p> 
<p>Firstly, Shadow Sect had used the dense time path natural dao marks to create the immortal formation. This formation concealed the existence of the tributary of the River of Time, this made the Southern Border immortals unable to sense it.</p> 
<p>Secondly was the flood discharge formation, it could connect to the tributary of the River of Time.</p> 
<p>And finally, the immemorial year beast fishing formation! Fang Yuan used the rank eight Immortal Gu Years Flow Like Water to create this formation, he could summon year beasts from the River of Time to fight against the Southern Border immortals.</p> 
<p>Originally, Fang Yuan did not have the ability to do this, but after his time path attainment level reached grandmaster, his final insufficiencies to complete this were eliminated.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's formation path and time path were grandmaster, he also had Hei Fan's true inheritance and Spectral Soul's true inheritance, with the help of the light of wisdom, he could deduce this super immortal formation and create this huge formation naturally!</p> 
<p>"Kill!" Ba clan's Gu Immortal shouted as his body inflated to a giant size, he stomped as bloody water splattered, he had directly stomped an ancient year beast to death.</p> 
<p>Puff! A great fire spread out and set dozens of year beasts on fire, Chai clan's Gu Immortal was bathed in flames, resembling a divine general.</p> 
<p>Tie Qu Zhong was silent, his hands moved rapidly as golden light shot out with immense sharpness, splitting year beasts into halves easily like tofu.</p> 
<p>"Demon Fang Yuan, we have to thank you for such a huge amount of wealth. Hahaha!" Shang Hu Zhang laughed as he used his wood path killer move, trapping the surrounding year beasts and keeping them in his immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>These desolate level year beasts and ancient year beasts had wild mortal Gu but no Immortal Gu in them, against the Southern Border Gu Immortals, they were disadvantaged and easily slaughtered.</p> 
<p>After all, these Southern Border Gu Immortals chasing after Fang Yuan were all powerful experts in their clan, they had at least rank seven cultivation level and were not ordinary at all. This result was to be expected.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was still cold and calm, he had a faint smile and cold light in his eyes. This situation was within his deductions, the battle had just begun.</p> 
<p>Howl…</p> 
<p>Year beasts continued to stream into the formation, Southern Border's Gu Immortals were fighting against them tirelessly, but the year beasts just kept coming!</p> 
<p>"Why are there so many?!"</p> 
<p>"This demon Fang Yuan is trying to exhaust us!"</p> 
<p>"Breaking apart this formation is the way to victory."</p> 
<p>The Southern Border Gu Immortals conversed, they could tell what this battle was about. But they had no way of distracting themselves to do that.</p> 
<p>Lu Wei Yin and Xia Cha were the most likely people to break the formation.</p> 
<p>Caw caw!</p> 
<p>At this time, the spiral suddenly expanded drastically as an arrogant year beast stepped into the battlefield.</p> 
<p>A rank eight level immemorial year beast had finally been lured over.</p> 
<p>The Southern Border immortals were shocked, Lu Wei Yin wanted to act but Tie Qu Zhong stood up: "Let us deal with it, both lords need to break open this formation, that is the wisest move!"</p> 
<p>Tie Qu Zhong and several Southern Border rank seven experts faced off against the immemorial year rooster. They were powerful rank seven Gu Immortals after all, by working together, they could resist the immemorial year rooster for now.</p> 
<p>"There is a formation core here." Suddenly, Xia Cha's eyes flashed as she pointed her finger, the rank eight killer move activated as profound light shot out, causing a huge sound. The formation shook thrice before it stabilized.</p> 
<p>The Southern Border immortals were overjoyed, there was a formation core indeed, Xia Cha destroyed it according to everyone's expectations.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan snickered, muttering: "The formation's true power starts now."</p> 
<p>The formation core was destroyed, a second spiral entrance appeared as large numbers of year beasts rushed in.</p> 
<p>The immortals' expressions turned to shock.</p> 
<p>Roar!</p> 
<p>With a loud roar, an immemorial year tiger jumped into the battlefield.</p> 
<p>"Let me." Lu Wei Yin moved for the first time, he grabbed with one hand, as a huge yellow hand formed and grasped the immemorial year tiger, preventing it from escaping despite its struggles.</p>
    </body>
</html>
