<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1614: Soul Search</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1614: Soul Search</h1>
        
        <p>Fang Yuan's words made Southern Border's righteous path furious and wary, but he had reached his objective of persuading them.</p> 
<p>Although this frankness caused Southern Border's righteous path to feel even more hatred towards Fang Yuan, they chose to believe in Fang Yuan's 'sincerity'.</p> 
<p>In fact, they were willing to believe in this sincerity.</p> 
<p>Because losing a Gu Immortal would be an even greater loss to them!</p> 
<p>It would not matter much if it were rank six Gu Immortals with ordinary abilities. The thing was, the captives were rank seven experts, trump cards of their respective clans. Xia clan's Xia Cha was even its first supreme elder.</p> 
<p>Losing such experts would greatly affect the whole clan.</p> 
<p>Spirit Affinity House had once lost Feng Jiu Ge; its resource points had immediately been coveted by the surrounding ancient sects, and they were under huge pressure.</p> 
<p>The ten great ancient sects had the same superior — Heavenly Court, their relations were much closer than Southern Border's righteous path, but this situation occurred even then. Were the Southern Border righteous path forces to end up in such a situation, their state would no doubt be worse.</p> 
<p>So be it if every Southern Border righteous path clan lost these Gu Immortals. What made them secretly worried was Fang Yuan killing some and releasing some.</p> 
<p>Earth veins were stirring, all kinds of immortal materials and wild Immortal Gu appeared endlessly, it had already caused every Southern Border force to fight each other, they were almost at the point of killing for these resources.</p> 
<p>There were many, many individual forces in Southern Border's righteous path, they were already filled with enough conflicts, and the movement of these earth veins had further intensified these conflicts.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan killed some and released some, there was no doubt that the original balance between the righteous path forces would be broken, the whole of Southern Border's situation would once again be unstable.</p> 
<p>The Southern Border righteous path forces were allowing themselves to be extorted by Fang Yuan, was it just because they were afraid of him or because they were worried about the captives?</p> 
<p>It was not as simple as that.</p> 
<p>They were also worried about themselves.</p> 
<p>Whoever Fang Yuan released or killed could change the whole of Southern Border's situation.</p> 
<p>They were indeed afraid of Fang Yuan despite them not admitting it. But they were even more wary of each other!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan could clearly see this political tension, and thus was able to unscrupulously extort Southern Border's righteous path.</p> 
<p>"The righteous path assumes dignified airs, but is absolutely not ambiguous when taking action. Northern Plains' Hei tribe was an excellent example, Hei tribe weakened, and with the excuse of harboring a culprit of the destruction of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, it was immediately besieged by all the Huang Jin tribes."</p> 
<p>"Compared to lone, wandering immortals like me, no matter how much we extort, we can't take away territories and we also cannot quickly build a super force to occupy these territories. On the other hand, righteous path forces have a lot of manpower and have the instinct to expand, so the threat is even higher."</p> 
<p>"Speaking of which, this is also because there are many Southern Border forces while lacking a powerful leader. If I were to do this in Central Continent, none of the ten great ancient sects would give any attention to me!"</p> 
<p>"Southern Border, Western Desert, and Eastern Sea are filled with many individual forces, it is just that the conflicts are the deepest in Southern Border because of the movement in earth veins in this period of time. As for Northern Plains…"</p> 
<p>A trace of a smile appeared on Fang Yuan's face.</p> 
<p>Compared to his previous life, Northern Plains' Longevity Heaven had already appeared to the world ahead of time, and was now actively uniting the whole of Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world.</p> 
<p>Previously, this plan was obstructed by Heavenly Court, who knew which pawn of Heavenly Court disguised as Fang Yuan to kill Cloud Gentleman, thwarting Longevity Heaven's plan to recruit Northern Plains' lone immortals.</p> 
<p>But not long ago, Longevity Heaven had a turning point.</p> 
<p>That was Lang Ya Sect seeking refuge.</p> 
<p>Longevity Heaven absorbed the whole of Lang Ya Sect, moreover doing it with full publicity, letting the whole world know that they had taken in Lang Ya blessed land, giving Lang Ya blessed land an equal status according to the former agreement between Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Long Hair Ancestor, also ensuring their safety.</p> 
<p>This action of promoting their recruitment of a powerful force was truly spectacular!</p> 
<p>All the Gu Immortals of five regions were shaken.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya blessed land's Gu Immortals were all variant humans, but Longevity Heaven could actually be so generous. That meant their treatment of human Gu Immortals would definitely be even better.</p> 
<p>Longevity Heaven thus successfully turned around people's hearts, changing the mindset of the Gu Immortals in the whole of Northern Plains. Their plan of recruiting lone immortals progressed rapidly, completely different from before.</p> 
<p>"Speaking of which, Lang Ya land spirit was able to get help from Longevity Heaven, they were truly fortunate."</p> 
<p>Longevity Heaven was actively taking action, Northern Plains would definitely bring even more trouble to Central Continent in the five regions chaotic war.</p> 
<p>While Western Desert's Xiao clan and Southern Border's Chi clan were secretly receiving Fang Yuan's support.</p> 
<p>This was not all, in this period of time, Fang Yuan was constantly mentioning the threat possessed by Heavenly Court in treasure yellow heaven; repeatedly mentioning the problem of the killer move star cast and fate Immortal Gu. Videos of the battle of Reverse Flow River, battle of the dream realm, the battle of Lang Ya Sect, were all displayed in treasure yellow heaven by Fang Yuan, constantly playing on loop, silently recounting Heavenly Court's ambitious and tyrannical way of meddling with the other four regions.</p> 
<p>Such actions seemingly had no response. But Fang Yuan believed that there was no super force in the other four regions that did not detest Heavenly Court's actions! They were just temporarily restraining themselves.</p> 
<p>Central Continent's ten great ancient sects accepted Heavenly Court because they were sub-sects of Heavenly Court, founded by the members of Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Northern Plains' righteous path forces could accept Longevity Heaven because they descended from the same bloodline, and Longevity Heaven was Ancestor Giant Sun's grotto-heaven that represented the righteous path.</p> 
<p>While Southern Border, Western Desert, and Eastern Sea were controlled by various super forces. They were used to abusing their powers, and none of them wanted a force to boss them around.</p> 
<p>Days later, in the sovereign immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Soul Search!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had already designed a killer move with the rank seven soul search Immortal Gu, taken from Yang Ku, as the core. Its efficiency was a dozen times higher than just activating the soul search Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Under the effect of this killer move, all kinds of information was extracted out of every Gu Immortal's soul and sent to Fang Yuan's mind.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan saw the lifestyle of each Gu Immortal clearly, their cultivation secrets and techniques, factional disputes in their respective forces, secret storages, and so on.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan already had a good understanding of Southern Border. On one hand, there were records of it among Shadow Sect's true inheritances, while he had also learned a lot through Wu clan's information when he had infiltrated them as Wu Yi Hai.</p> 
<p>With such a foundation, this first-hand information of many Gu Immortals was added, further deepening Fang Yuan's understanding of Southern Border's situation.</p> 
<p>Even rank eight Gu Immortals like Wu Yong and Chi Qu You would not have such detailed understanding of Southern Border's situation.</p> 
<p>"Looks like the Immortal Gu list they gave me is correct, except they have concealed some information."</p> 
<p>Southern Border's righteous path forces wanted to exchange Gu, and gave Fang Yuan their list of Immortal Gu. Right now, Fang Yuan immediately understood each force's foundation by soul searching these Gu Immortals. Rank six or ordinary rank seven Gu Immortals probably would not have such information, but these rank seven Gu Immortals were experts of their forces. Strength meant authority, so every one of them was a core of their clan's higher-ups.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was not surprised at the clans hiding information.</p> 
<p>Because he knew that the Immortal Gu which were not mentioned were those that the clans were not willing to exchange with and that were very valuable to the respective clan. If Fang Yuan wanted to exchange for the Immortal Gu on the list, it could be done more easily.</p> 
<p>In fact, he also wanted to exchange Gu.</p> 
<p>"I need to construct an Immortal Gu House to be a base for me to rest and recuperate in River of Time. And, with an Immortal Gu House, Shadow Sect's immortals can also participate in the battle and lend me a hand."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan could exchange the Immortal Gu which he did not need. After all, if Southern Border's righteous path was strengthened, they would be able to resist Heavenly Court much more efficiently.</p> 
<p>Naturally, Fang Yuan would not exchange those Immortal Gu which he had great use for.</p> 
<p>Immortal Gu were unique, they were priceless, but even more important was the overall situation!</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Immortal formation rumbled loudly, Fairy Zi Wei looked at Spectral Soul while holding an iron dragonfish.</p> 
<p>Scenes of relevant memories were surging out of Spectral Soul and playing in front of Fairy Zi Wei's eyes.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei smiled: "With this portion of the food path true inheritance, Heavenly Court can also produce, iron, copper, silver, and gold dragonfish, we can change the situation in treasure yellow heaven. Spectral Soul, you are already done for. Dang Hun Mountain's detonation gave you some time to prolong your dying breath, but now, what can you rely on?"</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul was condensed into a lump, silent like a dead object.</p>
    </body>
</html>
