<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1385: Fang Yuan&apos;s Judgment</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1385: Fang Yuan&apos;s Judgment</h1>
        
        <p>Boom!</p> 
<p>A huge explosion occurred, flames raged everywhere.</p> 
<p>Scalding air currents gathered into a solid air wall that fiercely repelled everything.</p> 
<p>At once, yellow sand filled the Gu formation, and smoke rose up.</p> 
<p>Dust gradually settled down, revealing a lone figure.</p> 
<p>It was Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>She was gasping heavily, her body covered in a fiery dress. This gorgeous dress that was originally filled with flames now only had some bits of fire remaining.</p> 
<p>"Even this move cannot destroy the Gu formation?" Sensing she was still inside the Gu formation, Hei Lou Lan's heart sank to rock bottom.</p> 
<p>The fight had been ongoing for over an hour, Hei Lou Lan had used all her methods but was unable to destroy this Gu formation.</p> 
<p>She was completely in a disadvantageous and passive state.</p> 
<p>In fact, during the whole fight, she did not even know what her opponent looked like.</p> 
<p>This Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortal was controlling the Gu formation from behind the scenes, and had never revealed himself.</p> 
<p>"I must admit... Hei Lou Lan, you are really strong."</p> 
<p>"It is a pity that you do not possess even a meager amount of formation path attainment."</p> 
<p>"I will be honest with you, even if your battle strength doubled, you still won't be able to forcibly break my signature Gu formation."</p> 
<p>As he said this, the formation path Gu Immortal let out a long laugh of satisfaction.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan snorted, sighing inwardly: "I don't have much immortal essence left and I have used all my methods. To think that I, Hei Lou Lan, would finally die here. Oh! Mother, I could not avenge you, although Hei tribe is already destroyed, Hei Cheng is still alive, this is my biggest regret!!"</p> 
<p>Right at this time, the formation path Gu Immortal's laughter abruptly stopped.</p> 
<p>"Damn it!" He let out a shout in which his fright could be clearly heard.</p> 
<p>"A chance?!" Hei Lou Lan roused herself.</p> 
<p>At the next moment, she saw the grey world of the Gu formation suddenly brightening up with long rays of light.</p> 
<p>Sword light!</p> 
<p>The sword lights flashed by, but they left behind long lines of white marks in the dark sky.</p> 
<p>As the white marks rapidly enlarged, Hei Lou Lan heard a resonant dragon roar that quickly turned louder and louder until it was the only thing she could hear.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan's mind jolted.</p> 
<p>She was extremely familiar with this dragon roar.</p> 
<p>She had a heavy impression of it.</p> 
<p>Because not long ago, Hei Lou Lan had been hunted down miserably by the creator of this sound, and was only able to barely survive with the combined strength of Ying Wu Xie and the rest.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan!" Hei Lou Lan almost called out in joy.</p> 
<p>Never before had she felt Fang Yuan's dragon roar would sound so beautiful.</p> 
<p>The white sword marks were exceptionally conspicuous in the dark sky.</p> 
<p>The sword marks were enlarging rapidly, and like tearing open a mouth, bright light poured inside this enlarging mouth.</p> 
<p>"No——!" That formation expert Gu Immortal let out an unresigned cry.</p> 
<p>At the next moment, the immortal formation that made Hei Lou Lan suffer indescribably shattered loudly.</p> 
<p>Light filled her vision.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan was on guard, her squinting eyes slowly opened up, and after adapting to the light, she saw Fang Yuan standing right beside her.</p> 
<p>And that Southern Border Gu Immortal was being jointly attacked by Fairy Miao Yin and Black Tigress.</p> 
<p>"I am safe!" Hei Lou Lan immediately let out a breath of relief and relaxed her mind.</p> 
<p>The joy of escaping from death soon faded.</p> 
<p>She, who had an ambitious and ruthless nature, only glanced at Fang Yuan once, before sitting cross-legged on the ground and healing her injuries.</p> 
<p>As far as Hei Lou Lan was concerned, the situation just before was extremely dangerous.</p> 
<p>Her injuries were serious, proving that her life had been hanging by a thread.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not help to heal her, Fang Yuan did not have any presentable healing method other than Man as Before.</p> 
<p>If it were Fang Yuan who was injured, apart from using Man as Before, he could also transform into an ancient desolate beast and rely on the ancient desolate beast's self recovery ability to heal himself.</p> 
<p>But for Hei Lou Lan, this transformation path method was not feasible.</p> 
<p>The battle soon ended.</p> 
<p>Fairy Miao Yin and Black Tigress were rank seven experts, and they were jointly attacking a rank seven Gu Immortal, they naturally had the advantage.</p> 
<p>And this rank seven Southern Border Gu Immortal's main cultivation was formation path. He was best at setting up Gu formations, but close combat was his weakness.</p> 
<p>More importantly, his immortal formation had been destroyed by Fang Yuan, he suffered a backlash, immediately suffering heavy injuries.</p> 
<p>With injuries from both this and the attacks, this rank seven Gu Immortal quickly lost his life.</p> 
<p>This was a rank seven formation path Gu Immortal, they were rather rare, Fang Yuan stored the corpse in his sovereign immortal aperture and did not immediately annex it.</p> 
<p>He called out to the upper extreme heavenly eagle: "Go! We will reinforce Bai Ning Bing."</p> 
<p>The group of immortals knew the urgency of the situation, with just a slight delay, they could be besieged by a large Southern Border group.</p> 
<p>It was because of this Fang Yuan did not hastily merge this corpse's immortal aperture into his sovereign immortal aperture, and instead hurried on the upper extreme heavenly eagle.</p> 
<p>By the time they saw Bai Ning Bing, the battle had ended.</p> 
<p>In all the surroundings, it was a world of ice and snow.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing was in Bai Xiang form, proudly standing on top of a snowy peak. And her opponents - two were dead and one was injured.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing actually won in a one versus three!</p> 
<p>"Bai Xiang, right, this is the killer move Bai Xiang! The killer move that once brought white terror to the whole of Southern Border, who could have thought it would reappear in Bai Ning Bing!"</p> 
<p>The injured Southern Border Gu Immortal was filled with fright, and used all his strength to retreat.</p> 
<p>But when he saw the upper extreme heavenly eagle appearing in the horizon, he almost lost hope.</p> 
<p>However, Fang Yuan did not chase him, instead taking Bai Ning Bing and immediately leaving.</p> 
<p>Right now, they had become fugitives and had to fight for every second, they could not waste their precious time on this rank seven Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>Since this rank seven Gu Immortal could escape death while his other two allies had already died, he definitely had methods to flee, and it would not be easy to kill him in a short time period.</p> 
<p>The upper extreme heavenly eagle changed directions, flying towards Western Desert.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing canceled the killer move Bai Xiang, and immediately collapsed on the eagle's back.</p> 
<p>She was already spent, the killer move Bai Xiang was abnormally powerful, but it was very taxing on the mind and its consumption of immortal essence was also extremely fast. To Bai Ning Bing, it was an extremely heavy burden.</p> 
<p>If that fleeing Southern Border Gu Immortal had continued to fight, he might have been able to see through Bai Ning Bing's facade.</p> 
<p>A pity he was frightened badly by Bai Xiang.</p> 
<p>This immortal killer move was terrifying in all aspects, its user could revive from just a small fragment, they were almost an invulnerable white monster.</p> 
<p>Unless someone could break this killer move, or kill Bai Ning Bing instantly without leaving behind even a fragment.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing fell unconscious immediately after canceling the killer move.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan and the rest had not come to her rescue, she might have died from mental exhaustion. Fortunately, Fang Yuan had a good knowledge of wisdom path methods and could heal this side-effect.</p> 
<p>When Bai Ning Bing slowly woke up, the upper extreme heavenly eagle had already flown over a hundred thousand li.</p> 
<p>"You actually came to save me?" Bai Ning Bing gazed at Fang Yuan and spoke without any politeness, expressing her astonishment.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing could not be any more clear of Fang Yuan's nature, and had not even thought of being rescued by Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan was also doubtful of Fang Yuan's objective, and had previously wondered if Fang Yuan had sacrificed her. Bai Ning Bing thought even further, and was sure Fang Yuan would sacrifice them and escape by himself!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan glanced at Bai Ning Bing expressionlessly and said lightly: "The situation is more serious than you imagine. We have all been struck by investigative killer moves. Which is why you were all intercepted by Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals when you were escaping."</p> 
<p>Although Fang Yuan had perceivable dao Immortal Gu, which could detect dao marks on a Gu Immortal's body, he was not aware of how many dao marks other Gu Immortals originally had.</p> 
<p>Without this number, even if Fang Yuan inspected the dao marks on Hei Lou Lan, Bai Ning Bing and the rest, what use would it have?</p> 
<p>However, from the enemies' actions, he could clearly see that they had also been struck by similar investigative killer moves.</p> 
<p>"Which Southern Border Gu Immortal was it? Fang Yuan, you are now Shadow Sect's leader and have inherited Purple Mountain True Monarch's inheritance, even you cannot break it?" Bai Ning Bing asked.</p> 
<p>"I already tried." Fang Yuan sighed.</p> 
<p>He did not have all of Purple Mountain True Monarch's Immortal Gu, as many of them had been lost in battle. Although he had several good methods to deal with this situation, Fang Yuan could not use them without the respective Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan's gaze flickered when she heard this, immediately thinking of Lang Ya Sect!</p> 
<p>Since they did not have enough Immortal Gu, they could refine them, and she knew Fang Yuan's and Lang Ya Sect's relationship was extremely close.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan could use the help of that connection.</p> 
<p>In fact, Fang Yuan had also wanted to do so.</p> 
<p>Not long ago, when he decided to rescue Bai Ning Bing and the rest, he had contacted Sixth Hair.</p> 
<p>However, Sixth Hair did not acknowledge Fang Yuan's status, he was doubtful of Fang Yuan's motive and asked Fang Yuan to save Ying Wu Xie. After all, only these two split souls remained of Spectral Soul.</p> 
<p>However, Ying Wu Xie and Lady White Rabbit were both staying in Fairy Miao Yin's immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>This was one of the reasons why Fang Yuan went back to rescue them.</p> 
<p>Sixth Hair was not willing to cooperate, so Fang Yuan looked for Lang Ya land spirit. What made Fang Yuan happy was that Lang Ya Sect and Lang Ya land spirit were no longer difficult to communicate with like before, he only needed sect contribution points and he could borrow Lang Ya Sect's strength to refine Gu.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan handed some contents of Purple Mountain True Monarch's inheritances, causing his sect contribution points to sharply increase, he exchanged them for the chance of having Lang Ya land spirit personally refine Immortal Gu for him.</p> 
<p>Under Fang Yuan's request, Lang Ya land spirit used the human isolation style to refine Gu instead of the hairy man heaven and earth style.</p> 
<p>Heaven's will was observing them, if the land spirit used the hairy man heaven and earth style, he might not be able to refine Gu successfully no matter what because of interference from heaven's will's.</p> 
<p>Although Lang Ya Sect had begun refining Gu for Fang Yuan, Gu refinement was a series of processes. Moreover, Immortal Gu were difficult to refine and could not be rapidly created.</p> 
<p>"The situation is even more complex, I suspect Heavenly Court has already collaborated with Southern Border's righteous path to eliminate us. Heavenly Court is using Southern Border's righteous path as a tool, but they won't just watch from the sidelines the whole time. Besides the Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals, we need to be careful of Heavenly Court's Gu Immortals lying in ambush and waiting for a chance to deal with us!" Fang Yuan said in a heavy voice.</p>
    </body>
</html>
