<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1029: Vital Immortal Gu, Dog Shit Luck</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1029: Vital Immortal Gu, Dog Shit Luck</h1>
        
        <p>"The relocation of Hu Immortal blessed land and Star Form blessed land is also settled now." Fang Yuan could finally exhale a breath of relief after completing this matter.</p> 
<p>He considered defeat before considering victory. After this matter was settled, no matter how Ying Wu Xie reacted, Fang Yuan's losses would already be reduced greatly.</p> 
<p>It was interesting, actually, under a series of odd events, his and Ying Wu Xie's statuses had swapped.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan aspired to attain eternal life, a physical body to him was no different to a bag of flesh, and he felt no reluctance in altering it. What he cared about were three aspects.</p> 
<p>First, his original body's Gu worms.</p> 
<p>Second, the cultivation resources he accumulated in Hu Immortal blessed land and Star Form blessed land.</p> 
<p>Third, the relations with Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Lang Ya land spirit, Spirit Affinity House, Immortal Crane Sect and others.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan gazed at the dark sky, the mountain winds shaking the branches of the pine tree he was resting on.</p> 
<p>He pondered: "By this time, Fixed Immortal Travel should have already self-destructed. Next, the other Gu worms will self-destruct one after the other. I wonder how Ying Wu Xie will deal with this?"</p> 
<p>"There is little to no hope for me in taking these Gu worms back now. The resources of Hu Immortal blessed land and Star Form blessed land have already been moved. Hu Immortal blessed land has fallen into the hands of Central Continent's Gu Immortals, and Star Form blessed land is hidden deep within Earth Abyss. Now, only the third matter remains, Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and others."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan carefully pondered.</p> 
<p>Regarding the third aspect, the relations with Central Continent's Spirit Affinity House and Immortal Crane Sect were already broken.</p> 
<p>The truth of Fang Yuan destroying Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was already exposed everywhere. Heavenly Court would definitely pursue this and find trouble with Fang Yuan, from a certain perspective, Ying Wu Xie possessing Fang Yuan's physical body meant he would face the disaster for Fang Yuan to an extent.</p> 
<p>So he did not need to worry about these.</p> 
<p>What Fang Yuan was worried about were Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>Fairy Li Shan and Blazing Heaven Demoness were dead, Hei Lou Lan's value had fallen sharply, but she was still a ten extreme physique Gu Immortal with the Great Strength True Martial Physique. Adding in her identity in his previous life as Spirit Affinity House's fairy, as well as her strong luck and formidable character, she absolutely could not be looked down upon.</p> 
<p>And Tai Bai Yun Sheng might only have two Immortal Gu, but each of them were top grade Gu worms with huge practical value.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was extremely worried that these two would be used by Ying Wu Xie to make difficulties for him.</p> 
<p>So after he connected with Hu Immortal blessed land and Star Form blessed land, he immediately tried to communicate with Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng in treasure yellow heaven.</p> 
<p>They had left behind their wills in treasure yellow heaven.</p> 
<p>This was a communication method prepared early on.</p> 
<p>But although Fang Yuan contacted these two wills at treasure yellow heaven, he had yet to truly contact the two of them.</p> 
<p>Only when these two people connect to treasure yellow heaven and their wills returned to their main bodies would they be able to understand and learn the truth.</p> 
<p>With no contact from them, the worry in Fang Yuan's eyes became even deeper.</p> 
<p>Without other options, he chose to give up trying for now and contacted Lang Ya land spirit.</p> 
<p>And this time, he obtained a reply almost immediately!</p> 
<p>"Lad, you finally contacted me!!" Lang Ya land spirit appeared extremely excited as he called out.</p> 
<p>In truth, he had agreed to help Fang Yuan relocate the resources mainly due to Fang Yuan's status as a member of Lang Ya Sect.</p> 
<p>But when he saw Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po valley and especially wisdom Gu, he was completely dumbstruck with amazement.</p> 
<p>To sum it up in a single word, he was shocked.</p> 
<p>He had never expected Fang Yuan's hidden accumulations to be so deep.</p> 
<p>So deep to the extent it made him unable to believe it.</p> 
<p>Hearing Lang Ya land spirit's words, Fang Yuan smiled, it was as if he was looking at the land spirit, with hair all over his body, like a gorilla jumping around with an exaggerated appearance.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit originated from Long Hair Ancestor, he was extremely special as he was formed from two obsessions.</p> 
<p>This current obsession was filled with aggressiveness, wholeheartedly wanting to make hairy men the rulers, the masters of the five regions, suppressing humans.</p> 
<p>Compared to the previous sagely-looking land spirit, this one was more erratic.</p> 
<p>But no matter which one, land spirits could not lie, they were frank and honest. Fang Yuan could be much more at ease in dealing with the land spirit than human Gu Immortals who were able to hide their intentions from him.</p> 
<p>Seeing that Fang Yuan was keeping quiet, Lang Ya land spirit could not endure it and continued speaking: "Fang Yuan, Lang Ya Sect has done a huge favor for you this time. What if you lost these, wouldn't you want to smash your own head and die? So how will you repay me?"</p> 
<p>Pausing for a while, Fang Yuan heard Lang Ya land spirit speak again: "Lad, contribute these things to the sect. I absolutely won't let you suffer a loss. You are our external supreme elder! I will give you an uncountable number of sect contribution points, enough to exchange for countless Immortal Gu recipes and Immortal Gu!"</p> 
<p>Since Fang Yuan had asked Lang Ya land spirit for help, he naturally was already mentally prepared. Anyone who saw Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po valley and wisdom Gu would definitely be moved. Even Lang Ya land spirit was not an exception.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit might be straightforward and stubborn, with a one-track mind, but he was not without intelligence.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan calmly replied: "I am Lang Ya Sect's external supreme elder, these are all mine. First elder, you are not thinking of embezzling my possessions, right?"</p> 
<p>"Hehehe!" Lang Ya land spirit grabbed at his hair while yelling, "If I had known this beforehand, I would not have let you join Lang Ya Sect. I could have directly confiscated these supreme treasures if so! Damn it, I told the truth again."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed.</p> 
<p>Back then, Lang Ya land spirit sincerely wanted Fang Yuan to join Lang Ya Sect.</p> 
<p>Now that both sides had already set the agreement, it was too late for Lang Ya land spirit to go against it. At least by his current means, he was not able to breach the agreement.</p> 
<p>Even if he wanted to renege on the agreement, he needed to prepare for some time to break the information path agreement between the two sides.</p> 
<p>Even so, because he could not lie, Fang Yuan just needed to probe slightly to extract the information.</p> 
<p>Just based on this point, Fang Yuan already had Lang Ya land spirit firmly in his grasp.</p> 
<p>After some careful thinking, Fang Yuan still felt it was better to leave Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po valley and wisdom Gu in Lang Ya blessed land.</p> 
<p>Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po valley were two treasure troves once held by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, if Fixed Immortal Travel hadn't been destroyed, wouldn't it mean Ying Wu Xie and others could casually return to these two places?</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan placed these two treasure troves in his own immortal aperture, that would be a huge mistake, it would be opening the door for robbers, letting a wolf into one's house.</p> 
<p>As for wisdom Gu, Fang Yuan could not use it for the moment.</p> 
<p>He had now revived with a new physical body, unlike his previous immortal zombie body.</p> 
<p>In his immortal zombie body, Fang Yuan had no need to fear the light of wisdom. But right now, if he entered this light, his lifespan would start decreasing, which was a price Fang Yuan could not accept.</p> 
<p>So from now on, unless he had no alternative, it was better to not use wisdom Gu.</p> 
<p>"I have obtained the sovereign immortal aperture but lost the support of wisdom Gu, it can be considered that there are losses along with the gains. But, there will be a day I will find a method to use wisdom Gu with a living body. During this period of time, it is better to let Lang Ya land spirit safeguard wisdom Gu, saving me from worrying about it."</p> 
<p>Thinking of this, Fang Yuan said to Lang Ya land spirit: "First supreme elder, you want me to present these three treasures to the sect, that is impossible. But we can cooperate. I can lend Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po valley and wisdom Gu for the sect's use. The sect will be in charge of safekeeping them, if anything unexpected happens, you will have to compensate me ten times over. Besides this, you need to compensate me with some sect contribution points too."</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit was jubilant, almost dancing with joy as he shouted: "Lad, you are quite tactful. That's good, that's good. With Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po valley, I can let these children refine and strengthen their souls. It will be a huge help to their Gu refinement! Also wisdom Gu, hehe, this is a rank nine Gu of wisdom path, in the past it was the vital Gu of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, hehehe! Using it to deduce Immortal Gu recipes is simply too wonderful."</p> 
<p>From the land spirit's tone, he actually knew how to use wisdom Gu, Fang Yuan could not help asking.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit was not stupid, replying with a chuckle: "You want to know the method to use wisdom Gu, then exchange for it with contribution points. Our Lang Ya Sect is fair!"</p> 
<p>Both sides negotiated for a while before completing the matter of collaboration.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan then casually mentioned the featherman Zhou Zhong, this variant human was Fang Yuan's slave, but it was not impossible for this relation to be exposed. Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan knew of Zhou Zhong, he was already exposed. It was better to let him lead those feathermen to stay in Lang Ya blessed land for the time being. In any case, Lang Ya blessed land's space was extremely huge. Of course, it was unable to compare with Fang Yuan's sovereign immortal aperture in terms of potential future space.</p> 
<p>As for those hairy man slaves in the Fang Yuan stone nests, after Fang Yuan haggled with Lang Ya land spirit, these hairy man slaves still belonged to Fang Yuan, but he had to remove their slave status, they could only be considered Fang Yuan's subordinates in Lang Ya Sect.</p> 
<p>Because of his identity, Lang Ya land spirit had deep love for hairy men and disdain for other races, having a doctrine that hairy men were to be the rulers. Naturally, he would not let Fang Yuan continue to order these hairy men as slaves.</p> 
<p>It was already extraordinary for him to still let these hairy men be subordinate to Fang Yuan, not arguing about it.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was actually quite happy about this.</p> 
<p>These hairy men were now free and belonged to Lang Ya blessed land. But as long as Fang Yuan mobilized them to refine Gu, they would have to obey his orders, which was not much different from beforehand.</p> 
<p>These hairy men would even be nurtured by Lang Ya land spirit, building their own families and working in the blessed land, which would stimulate their passion for Gu refinement and increase their work efficiency.</p> 
<p>Finally, Fang Yuan briefly informed Lang Ya land spirit about the matter regarding Ying Wu Xie and Shadow Sect.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit listened on while staring blankly, and only a long time after Fang Yuan finished talking did he react.</p> 
<p>"So you even had Red Lotus Demon Venerable's vital Immortal Gu, Spring Autumn Cicada!" Lang Ya land spirit cried out again: "Lad, what kind of dog shit luck do you have? No, don't tell me you even have Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's vital Immortal Gu, Dog Shit Luck?"</p> 
<p>"So Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's vital Immortal Gu was actually Dog Shit Luck? Not fortune rivalling heaven Gu?"</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit snorted: "He refined Fortune Rivalling Heaven in his later years. In his early years, it was Dog Shit Luck. I had cooperated with him when I was alive, how would I not know?"</p>
    </body>
</html>
