<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1161: Testing Perceivable Dao Immortal Gu</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1161: Testing Perceivable Dao Immortal Gu</h1>
        
        <p>Perceivable dao Immortal Gu!</p> 
<p>This Immortal Gu had a round head and a black body, it had many segments in its body, once activated, it started to shine in starlight.</p> 
<p>Blue starlight reflected on Fang Yuan's entire body.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan breathed in deeply and concentrated, he observed meticulously, preventing any accidents from occurring.</p> 
<p>When Gu Masters use Gu, it was not safe. Many Gu worms had backlashes or weaknesses.</p> 
<p>The same went for Immortal Gu, and because they were powerful, the drawbacks and weaknesses were also larger.</p> 
<p>This was the first time Fang Yuan was using perceivable dao Immortal Gu, even though he used wisdom path methods to deduce it already, he still had to be careful.</p> 
<p>Initially, starlight only shone on Fang Yuan's body. But after a few breaths of time, starlight accumulated, it covered Fang Yuan's entire body like a thin layer of water.</p> 
<p>Starlight gathered into shining water, it got thicker and thicker, accumulating on Fang Yuan's face, limbs, and body.</p> 
<p>Afterwards, as time passed, the shining water faded, after more than ten breaths, it vanished.</p> 
<p>The starlight around perceivable dao Immortal Gu also vanished, it returned to its black state.</p> 
<p>But in Fang Yuan's mind, there was some information, he could see how many dao marks he had in his body.</p> 
<p>The greatest number were in snow path and ice path dao marks, reaching a total of sixteen thousand!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan learned this and his heart jumped.</p> 
<p>A hundred dao marks meant that an Immortal Gu's effect would increase by ten percent. A thousand dao marks would double its effect. Then sixteen thousand dao marks would result in sixteen times the amplification of effects!</p> 
<p>This meant that when Fang Yuan uses an Immortal Gu from ice or snow path, the effect would be very strong. For example, compared to a Gu Immortal without any dao marks using an ice or snow path Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan's might would be seventeen times of this Gu Immortal!</p> 
<p>And the most important point was, even though the power was seventeen times as much, Fang Yuan's green grape immortal essence expenditure was the same as the other Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>This was different from City Well, even though the immortal killer move was a hundred times stronger, Fang Yuan's green grape immortal essence expenditure rose by a similar proportion, he also spent a hundred times as much!</p> 
<p>This was very fearsome.</p> 
<p>Why did the battle strength of Gu Immortals as their cultivation level got higher, this was the reason.</p> 
<p>Below ice and snow path, the second highest quantity of dao marks belonged to luck path, it had fifteen thousand!</p> 
<p>"My luck path dao marks were basically all absorbed from Feng Jun's accumulation, this person had a deep foundation, he personally ascended Immortal Succession Mountain and succeeded, inheriting a large number of luck path dao marks from it."</p> 
<p>"Oh, right. There was an earthly calamity with the giant disaster blazing tree, after passing it, I gained luck path dao marks as well."</p> 
<p>Below luck path dao marks were qi path and sound path dao marks.</p> 
<p>Both had around thirteen thousand.</p> 
<p>"Qi path dao marks mainly come from Qi Zai, he was a rank seven Gu Immortal who cultivated qi path, almost all of his qi path dao marks are absorbed into my body now."</p> 
<p>"Sound path dao marks came from Tang Song, this person is also rank seven, he is a supreme elder from a super force of Eastern Sea, Tang clan."</p> 
<p>Below that was blood path dao marks, about twelve thousand of them, they were obtained from Hei Fan grotto-heaven's blood path Gu Immortal, Zheng Tuo.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought about it, he realized that among his dao marks, the rest of those that reached ten thousand were all from rank seven Gu Immortal corpses.</p> 
<p>Among them, rule path dao marks had twelve thousand, they were from Hei Fan grotto-heaven's rule path Gu Immortal, Chen Chi.</p> 
<p>Water path dao marks were around eleven thousand, obtained from lone immortal Zhou Li after Fang Yuan absorbed his foundation.</p> 
<p>Below that was transformation path and strength path, they summed up to nine thousand in total, close to ten thousand.</p> 
<p>Other than that, there was an assortment of other paths, haphazardly mixed in.</p> 
<p>For example, there was wind path, wood path, and food path.</p> 
<p>"I went through a few earthly calamities, the wind flowers, spring dawn jade orioles, they gave me wood path and wind path dao marks. Food path actually exceeds these two paths, I guess the profound white flying salt calamity gave me food path dao marks."</p> 
<p>And fewer than these were earth path, time path, and information path.</p> 
<p>"Earlier, I joined the alliance of variant humans, they used an earth path method to attain information path effects. Thus, I gained quite a number of earth path dao marks."</p> 
<p>"As for time path, they are probably from the hundred years harmony that I set with Chu Du, similar to the variant human alliance."</p> 
<p>"As for information path dao marks, they must be from the alliance agreement of Lang Ya Sect."</p> 
<p>The least in quantity, like phantom path, still had a hundred or so. This was the initial number of dao marks that sovereign immortal fetus brought with it.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan considered these numbers, from these, he had a glimpse of the nature of some calamities and tribulations.</p> 
<p>He concluded.</p> 
<p>Ice and snow path were highest, followed by luck path, qi path, sound path, rule path, water path, and blood path, they all had over ten thousand.</p> 
<p>Below these were transformation path and strength path.</p> 
<p>And below those were food path, wind path, wood path, earth path, time path, and others.</p> 
<p>"I mainly fight with strength path, sword path, and time path methods. Familiar face and blood asset Immortal Gu are supplementary methods."</p> 
<p>"My five grandmaster attainments are in wisdom path, strength path, star path, blood path, and transformation path."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan looked at his situation, it was quite awkward.</p> 
<p>His paths with more than ten thousand dao marks were almost completely different from his main methods and five highest attainment levels.</p> 
<p>According to Fang Yuan's original cultivation plan, his focus was on transformation path.</p> 
<p>But now, because he joined the four races alliance, this plan had a lot of barriers. He could not undergo tribulation in the icy plain, Fang Yuan could not draw out Reckless Savage's true meaning. If he could not influence the earthly calamity, he would not gain transformation path dao marks, or even any rise in his attainment level.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan pondered.</p> 
<p>"From this, it seems that most rank seven Gu Immortals have about ten thousand or more dao marks of their main path."</p> 
<p>"But I have only gone through four earth calamities, and already have sixteen thousand ice and snow path dao marks, while my transformation path and strength path dao marks are close to ten thousand. Looking at my wood path, wind path, and food path dao marks, my total gain from these calamities add up to thirty thousand."</p> 
<p>Evidently, this number was abnormal.</p> 
<p>Gu Immortals with rank seven cultivation level had undergone up to around forty to fifty earthly calamities, four or five heavenly tribulations, and one or more grand tribulations.</p> 
<p>After all these, their main paths only had about ten thousand dao marks.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had only gone through four earthly calamities, but he had already gained three times the number of dao marks as them!</p> 
<p>The stronger the calamities and tribulations, after passing them, the greater number of dao marks the Gu Immortal would obtain.</p> 
<p>Ordinary Gu Immortals would have simpler tribulations. When they get to rank seven, they would have about ten thousand dao marks in their main path.</p> 
<p>Those with higher aptitude and having high grade blessed lands, or even immortal apertures originating from the ten extreme physiques, would have more resources in their blessed lands, with greater fortune comes greater disaster, they would have stronger calamities and tribulations, and would gain more dao marks after passing them.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's situation was unique in the entire world!</p> 
<p>Even if the sovereign immortal aperture had no resources, it was an immense amount of fortune in itself, the earthly calamity that befalls also reaches the limit of its strength.</p> 
<p>And because he was a complete otherworldly demon, heaven's will would try every possible way to kill Fang Yuan, causing his earthly calamity to be elevated to the maximum force allowed.</p> 
<p>In his first four earthly calamities, each one was extremely difficult, Fang Yuan passed them with great danger, it was like he was walking on a tightrope. But now it seemed, the risks were great, but his gains were huge as well!</p> 
<p>"Even though my current development and my methods don't match, my dao mark growth is real. At this rate, after each earthly calamity and heavenly tribulation, my foundation would rise to a terrifying degree!"</p> 
<p>Thinking of this, Fang Yuan felt that all the difficulty and hard work he had gone through were worth it.</p> 
<p>Even his attitude towards the earthly calamities had vaguely changed.</p> 
<p>Each earthly calamity could be seen as a great chance to gain more dao marks!</p> 
<p>"After a few more earthly calamities, how much would I grow? How much would my foundation grow?" Even Fang Yuan could not estimate this.</p> 
<p>The sovereign immortal aperture surpassed the norm by too much.</p> 
<p>His growth potential and speed could not be assessed by normal means!</p> 
<p>The amount of dao marks Fang Yuan gained from four earthly calamities was multiple times that of an ordinary rank seven Gu Immortal's dao marks in their main path!</p> 
<p>After clarifying the number of dao marks in his body, Fang Yuan took out his Immortal Gu, using Perceivable Dao to investigative them.</p> 
<p>But unfortunately, even though the starry water covered the surface of the Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan did not get any results.</p> 
<p>He realized: "Man is the spirit of all living beings, Gu are the essence of heaven and earth. Mortal Gu have dao marks, while Immortal Gu have fragments of the Great Dao. Perceivable Dao can only investigate dao marks, it is ineffective against Great Dao fragments."</p> 
<p>Indeed, when he used perceivable dao Immortal Gu on mortal Gu and checked them, it worked like a charm.</p> 
<p>But his tests were far from over.</p> 
<p>Next, Fang Yuan took out immortal materials and used perceivable dao Immortal Gu to inspect them.</p> 
<p>He realized that even though the dao marks in the immortal materials could be sensed by him, the expenditure of immortal essence rose when the quality and rank of the immortal material was higher.</p> 
<p>"Perceivable dao Immortal Gu is an information path Immortal Gu, when looking at purely information path immortal materials, the immortal essence expenditure is lower. Other than that, any other type of immortal materials would have an element of conflicting dao marks. Thus, the immortal essence expenditure is greater."</p> 
<p>"As for why using it on me does not cause more immortal essence expenditure, that is because my dao marks are non-conflicting."</p> 
<p>Thinking of this, Fang Yuan had a stern expression on his face.</p> 
<p>The property of non-conflicting dao marks of the sovereign immortal body was both a good thing and bad thing for him.</p> 
<p>For ordinary Gu Immortals, when killer moves of other paths land on them, their dao marks would first reduce the might of the attacks, but Fang Yuan would have to face its full force. In fact, when his dao marks are of the same path as the attacking killer move, it might even get amplified!</p> 
<p>With just this point, Fang Yuan could not fight at close range.</p> 
<p>He was suited for long range battles, after creating some distance, he could amply think and evade attacks.</p> 
<p>"Perceivable dao Immortal Gu cannot be used on Immortal Gu, and when using it on immortal materials, there is a conflict of dao marks. All in all, it is not very useful." After Fang Yuan tried using it, he came to a conclusion.</p> 
<p>He could only think of three ways to use perceivable dao Immortal Gu currently.</p> 
<p>The first was to decipher immortal materials, preventing others from scamming him.</p> 
<p>The second was to investigative a Gu Immortal's dao marks, to probe their foundation and strength. But it was quite impractical, the time needed to use it was quite long, and the effect of the starry water was also very obvious, it was easy to take action to counter it.</p> 
<p>The third was in refining Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Investigation using Perceivable Dao could allow him to see the dao marks clearly during the process of refining Immortal Gu, as well as to make a comparison.</p> 
<p>However, perceivable dao Immortal Gu was unable to find out the exact location of dao marks or influence them, thus, it had limited use.</p> 
<p>At most, it could allow the Gu Immortal to turn from a 'blind man' to a 'man with his eyes shut'.</p>
    </body>
</html>
