<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1758: Heavenly Court&apos;s Invasion</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1758: Heavenly Court&apos;s Invasion</h1>
        <p><a epub:type="noteref" href="#n1"></a></p>
        <p>Lang Ya blessed land, Long Hair refinement path formation.</p> 
<p>Blood light gradually faded, the blood path formation opened up as Fang Yuan and Lang Ya land spirit walked out with the latter behind the former.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's scheme succeeded!</p> 
<p>In the previous life, Lang Ya land spirit had caught Fairy Zi Wei off guard because she killed the black haired land spirit and white haired land spirit showed up.</p> 
<p>The black haired land spirit was ambitious, even though he knew about Lang Ya blessed land and Longevity Heaven's agreement, he did not want to use it.</p> 
<p>Once the white haired land spirit showed up, he sought help from Longevity Heaven without second thoughts.</p> 
<p>Eventually, because of the white haired land spirit's action, Fang Yuan escaped while Heavenly Court retreated in defeat, Longevity Heaven obtained Lang Ya Sect and became the eventual winner, gaining the greatest benefits.</p> 
<p>"Right now, I suppressed the land spirit, Longevity Heaven will not gain anything." Fang Yuan looked at Lang Ya land spirit.</p> 
<p>Right now, Lang Ya land spirit had gone back to the black haired land spirit under Fang Yuan's orders.</p> 
<p>To prevent the hairy man Gu Immortals from becoming suspicious, the black haired land spirit pretended that their relationship with Fang Yuan was still the same as before.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan purposely let out a breath of air: "It was all thanks to first supreme elder this time that we salvaged the situation."</p> 
<p id="r1">The black haired land spirit smiled: "Ma<a epub:type="noteref" href="#n1" role="doc-noteref">[1]</a>… mainly because we had the refinement path formation, we should get back into refining the Gu as quickly as possible."</p> 
<p>The black haired land spirit had a slightly subservient tone and smile, but other than Sixth Hair, the other hairy man Gu Immortals felt no suspicions.</p> 
<p>Who could have thought that this shocking change had occurred right under their very eyes!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan entered the Long Hair refinement path formation and continued to refine myriad self Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Hours later, a sharp profound light appeared in the refinement path formation.</p> 
<p>The profound light faded as an Immortal Gu was revealed.</p> 
<p>This Gu worm was more than ten meters long, it was like a centipede that shined in a metallic luster, the mouthpiece on its head looked dangerous while there was a pair of long antennas on its forehead, it had five thousand legs on either side of its body, having a total of ten thousand legs.</p> 
<p>Rank seven Immortal Gu Myriad Self!</p> 
<p>Even though Fang Yuan's main goal was to scheme against Lang Ya land spirit, he did not give up on refining myriad self Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>In the previous life, myriad self Immortal Gu had a fifty percent success rate! But now, in order to trap Lang Ya land spirit, he modified the recipe and lowered its success rate from fifty to forty percent.</p> 
<p>Regardless, he did not give up on refining Myriad Self!</p> 
<p>He could not give up on refining myriad self Immortal Gu after all.</p> 
<p>It seemed to have an insignificant boost to Fang Yuan's strength but it was actually very important.</p> 
<p>The killer move myriad self was the combination of enslavement and strength path, it gathered the specialty of both paths. But it was overly complex and took a long time to activate, it spent a lot of thoughts of the Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>Now that it became a Gu worm, Fang Yuan only needed to take a few steps to unleash the full power of the original myriad self killer move.</p> 
<p>Other than myriad self, Fang Yuan's reverse flow protection seal, myriad dragon, myriad ghost sword dragon and other killer moves would also benefit from this.</p> 
<p>Especially myriad ghost sword dragon, Fang Yuan had created this move near the time of the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention. Without myriad self Immortal Gu, he would need too many Gu worms to activate it, the time taken would be too long and there would be no use for it in battle!</p> 
<p>Even though myriad self Immortal Gu could not raise Fang Yuan's strength directly, it strengthened his foundation and allowed him to gain even more potential in several aspects.</p> 
<p>The Immortal Gu refinement ended, next, Fang Yuan looked around the whole of Lang Ya blessed land and collated his gains.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya blessed land had an immense origin, it was left by one of the three greatest refinement path experts in history, Long Hair Ancestor.</p> 
<p>Long Hair Ancestor was a legendary figure, he had refined countless Immortal Gu in his life, even Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable came to look for him when refining Gu.</p> 
<p>Long Hair Ancestor also had a special identity, he was a hairy man. While hairy men had long lifespan, they would still die eventually.</p> 
<p>Long Hair Ancestor left behind rank eight Lang Ya grotto-heaven, but after countless years of development, white haired land spirit decided to lower its rank and returned it to a blessed land.</p> 
<p>Blessed lands faced far weaker calamities and tribulations than grotto-heavens, with the white haired land spirit's management, the blessed land developed very well.</p> 
<p>It had a huge space far beyond most blessed lands, it even exceeded many grotto-heavens.</p> 
<p>In terms of time path, its time flow was one to thirty-six compared to the outside world. And worth mentioning was that Lang Ya blessed land had an immortal killer move on its tributary of the River of Time, it could alter the time flow in the immortal aperture. This was the work of Long Hair Ancestor who had invited a time path great expert personally when he was alive.</p> 
<p>In terms of dao marks, Lang Ya blessed land had the highest number of refinement path dao marks surpassing three hundred thousand! The remaining dao marks were mostly water path followed by earth path.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya blessed land had four continents. They were the Black Hair, Yellow Hair, and White Hair Continents in the sea, as well as Cloud Cover Continent in the sky. The blessed land produced abundant resources and people, there were also countless Gu Immortals, it was truly a super force of its own!</p> 
<p>The vast number of people ensured the production of many lifespan Gu.</p> 
<p>Undeniably, this was the number one blessed land in the world!</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit was suppressed by Fang Yuan already, everything here belonged to him.</p> 
<p>Other than the blessed land's resources and manpower, there were also a vast number of Gu recipes, killer moves and Gu worms.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya blessed land had many Immortal Gu in its inventory. For example, the currently rank seven Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, the wood sprout Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan had once borrowed to use the killer move light fungus radiance, beast enslavement Immortal Gu, formation plate Immortal Gu, and many others. (Most of the Immortal Gu were already given out to the hairy man Gu Immortals for their use.)</p> 
<p>Lang Ya blessed land had three Gu formations. The first was the Long Hair refinement path formation, the second was the sub-main teleportation Gu formation, the third was the ancient battle formation Heavenly Giant Solor. Among which, the main formation of the sub-main teleportation Gu formation was on Cloud Cover Continent, while the nine sub formations were distributed all over Northern Plains, for example, Tai Qiu, dragon elephant plain, and Feng Bo cliff.</p> 
<p>Other than that, Lang Ya blessed land had a highly incomplete Immortal Gu House — rank eight Immortal Gu House Refinement Cauldron.</p> 
<p>There was also a man-made secluded domain of heaven and earth that was not completed despite immense effort — Refinement Sea. In the previous life, when Heavenly Court attacked Lang Ya blessed land, Lang Ya land spirit made use of the water in the Refinement Sea to display the killer move omnipresent four seas, he had once taken control of the situation using it.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya blessed land had a huge inventory with countless immortal materials but relatively few immortal essence stones.</p> 
<p>And finally, Lang Ya blessed land had three true inheritances, they were Thieving Heaven's true inheritance, Giant Sun's self luck true inheritance, and Long Hair's refinement path true inheritance.</p> 
<p>Rank eight steal life Immortal Gu was part of Thieving Heaven's true inheritance.</p> 
<p>In the first life, Ma Hong Yun obtained clues to this Thieving Heaven true inheritance, he came to Lang Ya blessed land and asked Lang Ya land spirit to refine Gu for him three times.</p> 
<p>This was also part of Thieving Heaven's true inheritance.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had a deep understanding of these three true inheritances. Years ago, he had transacted with Lang Ya land spirit and learned about this.</p> 
<p>Back then, in order to deal with strong enemies, he had to sell his own secluded domain of heaven and earth. Now, the whole of Lang Ya blessed land belonged to him.</p> 
<p>"I have about half a month left." Fang Yuan estimated the time.</p> 
<p>In the previous life, he had worked on deducing Luo Po seal at this time period, in order to make up for his lack of offensive methods. As for defense, he had reverse flow protection seal, there was no worry.</p> 
<p>In the end, he only managed to deduce Luo Po seal years later.</p> 
<p>This time around, he already possessed Luo Po seal, his main deduction was to add the effect of time path into yama battlefield, so that he could gain a compound battlefield killer move.</p> 
<p>Even though he suppressed Lang Ya land spirit and had sufficient refinement path attainment level, Fang Yuan was not in a rush to annex Lang Ya blessed land.</p> 
<p>He had already decided to use the tactic in the Five Regional Mountain Range, he was going to make Lang Ya blessed land a trap that would lure in the Heavenly Court members.</p> 
<p>Firstly, Fang Yuan needed Feng Jiu Ge to come here and 'contribute' his Fixed Immortal Travel. After all, when Fang Yuan reaches rank eight, future self would not be usable anymore.</p> 
<p>Secondly, he needed Heavenly Court to expose their star cast killer move. This method was too incredible, it could directly change the situation of all five regions, any super force would feel extremely threatened by it! Once star cast gets exposed, it would spur on the four regions' super forces to attack Heavenly Court!</p> 
<p>And thirdly, he wanted to kill a few Heavenly Court Gu Immortals in advance, Fang Yuan would not let go of any chance to weaken Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>And finally, Fang Yuan wanted to borrow the help of Heavenly Court to deal with the Gu Immortals of the snowmen, rockmen, and inkmen in the four races alliance. By using the same method as in the previous life, he would annex all three of these forces at once.</p> 
<p>Hehe, taking down enemies and allies in a single swoop, wasn't it a great idea?</p> 
<p>More than ten days passed.</p> 
<p>Central Continent, Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Chessboard!</p> 
<p>This rank eight Immortal Gu House was shooting out fireworks, countless starlight specks were flying out and radiating the entire Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Starlight shined on the faces of the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Nearly ten of them were ready to move out!</p> 
<p>The leader was Fairy Zi Wei, she looked at the sky as bright light shined in her eyes, even more dazzling than the starry sky.</p> 
<p>"To think that wisdom Gu is really inside Lang Ya blessed land! With it, Star Constellation Chessboard will become a rank nine Immortal Gu House! By then, I will be the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal in the world. Heavenly Court will almost certainly be able to repair fate Immortal Gu."</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, I can't wait for this! I want to kill you personally." Thunder Ghost True Monarch gritted her teeth.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge was silent and peaceful.</p> 
<p>Chen Yi was waiting in anticipation.</p> 
<p>His performance in green ghost desert was not good, he did not retrieve Divine Bean Palace.</p> 
<p>"I cannot fail again like last time."</p> 
<p>"I have just joined Heavenly Court, I need to show some results."</p> 
<p>"This battle is a great opportunity! No matter how strong Fang Yuan is, he is merely rank seven. Lang Ya blessed land has a huge reputation but it is too weak internally, even Feng Jiu Ge could enter and leave at will. We are mobilizing so many rank eight great experts now, we will definitely win. Sigh, Lady Zi Wei is too vigilant."</p> 
<p>Chen Yi grumbled a little.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei was sending such a huge force, it was like a tiger going all out to hunt a rabbit, Chen Yi would not be able to make any achievements.</p> 
<p>In his opinion, couldn't two or three rank eight Gu Immortals take down Lang Ya blessed land easily?</p> 
<p>They were not ordinary rank eights, they were Heavenly Court members!</p> 
<p>Bam.</p> 
<p>Along with the expectations of many Gu Immortals, the starlight in the sky gathered, a huge light blue pillar was formed in the sky.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Star Cast!</p> 
<p>"Let's go! Take down Lang Ya blessed land and capture the demon Fang Yuan." Fairy Zi Wei gave her orders, Thunder Ghost True Monarch was the most impatient one, she directly rushed into the starlight pillar.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, I am coming! Just you wait." Thunder Ghost True Monarch snickered.</p> 
<p id="n1" role="doc-footnote" epub:type="footnote">[1] He wanted to say master. <a href="#r1">Back</a></p>
    </body>
</html>
