<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1383: Hidden Confrontation</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1383: Hidden Confrontation</h1>
        <p><a epub:type="noteref" href="#n1"></a></p>
        <p>Wu Yong had considered that Heavenly Court might have sent false information.</p> 
<p>However, Fairy Zi Wei had provided a lot of evidence, moreover, back then, after Fang Yuan had changed his appearance, many Southern Border Gu Immortals had witnessed him leaving the battlefield with Hei, Bai and other immortals on the upper extreme heavenly eagle.</p> 
<p>Wu Yi Hai's disappearance was too sudden and strange, if Wu Yi Hai was Fang Yuan, then everything could be explained.</p> 
<p>"Send over Wu Yi Hai's life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu through treasure yellow heaven. Also, Wu Fa, take out some Immortal Gu from the treasury for me." Wu Yong was looking at the layers of dream realms through the window, while secretly sending his orders.</p> 
<p>At the same time, he said to the far away Chi Qu You: "Chi clan first supreme elder, please construct a formation around this area, to prevent the enemy from escaping with space path methods."</p> 
<p>"Oh? The enemy has such a method?" Chi Qu You was surprised, before nodding: "I can arrange a Gu formation to disturb space path transportations, but I don't have enough Immortal Gu with me."</p> 
<p>"No worries." Wu Yong laughed, "Right now, we have so many allies with us, no need to worry about not having enough Immortal Gu."</p> 
<p>No one retorted to Wu Yong, all of them followed Chi Qu You's request and looked at what Immortal Gu they had that could be arranged into a Gu formation.</p> 
<p>If they truly did not have the required Gu, they could get them sent over with the help of treasure yellow heaven.</p> 
<p>Despite the huge cost of doing so.</p> 
<p>But after Fang Yuan had started this trend, Southern Border's Gu Immortals had already started to imitate it.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan soon found out about the matter of Wu clan transporting Gu worms to Wu Yong. After all, treasure yellow heaven was extremely open, any Immortal Gu transaction could cause a huge commotion.</p> 
<p>"These Immortal Gu, they are almost all from Wu clan's treasury. Looks like they are transporting them through treasure yellow heaven."</p> 
<p>"There are also my life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu! Hmph!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan immediately had a bad premonition.</p> 
<p>Unfortunately, he could do nothing to stop it even after knowing this.</p> 
<p>Transactions in treasure yellow heaven were extremely safe. Fang Yuan had once relied on this aspect, but now, his enemies were using this advantage.</p> 
<p>Soon, Fang Yuan's information path mortal Gu received Wu Yong's message.</p> 
<p>"Wu Yi Hai, or should I call you Fang Yuan? We can discuss and do a transaction. Use your Immortal Gu to buy your life. How about it?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's pupils shrunk: "Looks like Heavenly Court has exposed this secret. Those Gu worms must have been all sent to Wu Yong's hands. Directly threatening me to buy my life? It seems he should have some method..."</p> 
<p>Thinking of this, Fang Yuan stopped training with the other Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>"All of you continue practising, I need to deal with a slight annoyance." Throwing out these words, he immediately stepped aside and began to activate reverse flow protection seal.</p> 
<p>Inside Wu Yong's immortal aperture, Gu worms flew one after another like layers of clouds, almost covering the sky of the aperture.</p> 
<p id="r1">"This is the signature killer move that Wu clan<a epub:type="noteref" href="#n1" role="doc-noteref">[1]</a>, a former super clan of Southern Border, had used to inflict darkness and terror to Southern Border's Gu Immortal world. After my Wu clan obtained it, we have been keeping it a secret, worried that we would be excluded by the joint forces of the other clans should they find out. Now, Fang Yuan, have a taste of it."</p> 
<p>Cold light erupted in Wu Yong's eyes.</p> 
<p>The immortal killer move activated!</p> 
<p>However, using his methods, he restrained the aura of the killer move, even Qiao Zhi Cai, who was standing beside him, did not sense it.</p> 
<p>At the next moment, Wu Yong's expression changed, his body shook fiercely as he coughed out a large mouthful of blood.</p> 
<p>"Lord Wu Yong, what's wrong?" Qiao Zhi Cai was pale with fright, quickly running over to support Wu Yong.</p> 
<p>"How could this be?! Fortunately, I only wanted to warn and probe, and did not use its full might." Wu Yong was filled with shock, he had clearly targeted Fang Yuan, but he was the one who suffered.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong lightly shook off Qiao Zhi Cai's hand.</p> 
<p>His expression quickly recovered, coughing a few times: "No worries. It is a hidden injury from my battle at the purple blood river formation."</p> 
<p>Qiao Zhi Cai immediately showed a moved and admirable expression: "Lord Wu Yong hurried over to save his little brother, disregarding his injuries. You are truly the model example of our righteous path!"</p> 
<p>Wu Yong:"..."</p> 
<p>He was silent for a moment, before saying to Qiao Zhi Cai: "You are amazing."</p> 
<p>How could Qiao Zhi Cai have expected Wu Yong's words to be sarcastic, he was still thinking his flattery had worked and was inwardly feeling pleased.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong's injury was because of Fang Yuan's reverse flow protection seal.</p> 
<p>"Reverse Flow River's water has decreased a little, Wu Yong indeed has some kind of terrifying method that can directly attack my physical body through my life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu. It's a pity he encountered my reverse flow protection seal, and his killer move was completely reflected back."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan let out a breath of air, and started thinking: "This is a little strange. Since Wu Yong knows I am Fang Yuan, how could he not have considered my reverse flow protection seal?"</p> 
<p>"Could it be... he does not know my other identity, Liu Guan Yi? Did Heavenly Court not inform him? Or maybe, even Heavenly Court does not know of it?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought of the dream realm.</p> 
<p>This time, his identity had been exposed because the external manifestation of the giant dream realm was invaded by heaven's will.</p> 
<p>He had entered the dream realm many times to explore, and when his soul entered the dreams, it was without the disguise of familiar face and dark limit Immortal Gu, as such, heaven's will could see his true body and find his location.</p> 
<p>If it was like this, then Liu Guan Yi's identity had not been exposed!</p> 
<p>"Damn it." Fang Yuan's heart suddenly sank when he thought of this: "I have activated reverse flow protection seal now, and with the investigative killer move on me, am I not telling others that I am Liu Guan Yi?! Whether or not Heavenly Court discovered this identity before, now that I have activated reverse flow protection seal, they definitely know of it."</p> 
<p>This was a small hidden confrontation.</p> 
<p>A brand new battle.</p> 
<p>It involved three sides, Fang Yuan, Wu Yong and Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong suffered backlash from his own method, but his injuries were not serious. Fang Yuan did not suffer any injuries, but had exposed a lot of information. Heavenly Court was manipulating from behind the scenes, making Wu Yong and Fang Yuan fight each other, without using their own strength.</p> 
<p>This was Fairy Zi Wei's scheme.</p> 
<p>This Heavenly Court wisdom path Gu Immortal grasped crucial clues and information, and immediately displayed her powerful scheming ability, moreover, she handled it with extreme finesse.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong sent another letter to Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan paid no more attention to it.</p> 
<p>The training of the ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel finally showed results and they were getting closer to success.</p> 
<p>However, Fang Yuan had now become a 'burden'.</p> 
<p>He needed to maintain reverse flow protection seal at all times to guard against Wu Yong's attacks, his focus was mostly placed on this, and so, it was difficult to pay attention to Omni-directional Travel.</p> 
<p>However, after Fang Yuan intentionally slowed down the pace, they were finally able to activate it little by little.</p> 
<p>A resplendent radiance illuminated their surroundings.</p> 
<p>The light quickly dissipated, Fang Yuan and the rest had disappeared from the spot.</p> 
<p>The intense turbulence of space path was more or less sensed by the Southern Border Gu Immortals outside the dream realm.</p> 
<p>"They have left. Maybe, one or two are left behind." Wu Yong was not surprised.</p> 
<p>"But our Gu formation has yet to be constructed fully. They actually had such methods? Why didn't they use it earlier on? It definitely has some serious flaws." Qiao Zhi Cai guessed.</p> 
<p>Chi Qu You stroked his beard: "No worries. Although my super Gu formation has not been arranged perfectly, it has produced some results. I believe that right now, they should have already been separated."</p> 
<p>Many Southern Border Gu Immortals were clueless, but Wu Yong did not stint on his praise: "Chi clan's first supreme elder is truly formidable!"</p> 
<p>Since Wu Yong knew Fang Yuan and the rest had Omni-directional Travel, he had predicted they would use this method to escape, how could he not have arranged a method to deal with it?</p> 
<p>He had already secretly transmitted the information to Chi Qu You and had him arrange a countermeasure against it.</p> 
<p>Chi Qu You was a rank eight Gu Immortal, a formation path great grandmaster, with a concrete goal and information, he could make an appropriate response.</p> 
<p>Huff!</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing had just stepped on the ground, when she coughed out a large mouthful of blood, she felt exhausted and her face was deathly pale.</p> 
<p>"This is not our intended destination!" Bai Ning Bing's dragon pupils slightly shrunk.</p> 
<p>She quickly contacted the others.</p> 
<p>The ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel had been disrupted, the Shadow Sect Gu Immortals were separated, far from each other.</p> 
<p>Besides Fang Yuan, each of them were injured to some degree.</p> 
<p>"What should we do, sect leader?" Fairy Miao Yin quickly inquired.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan hesitated.</p> 
<p>Should he escape by himself using the upper extreme heavenly eagle? Or should he waste time to regather the Shadow Sect immortals?</p> 
<p>By now, the Pure Dream Reality Seeker bodies had basically all detonated into dream realms back in Plunder Shadow Earth Trench.</p> 
<p>There were still a few who were left in the immortal apertures of Hei Lou Lan and the others, including Ying Wu Xie, who was in Lady White Rabbit's immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>Dream realms were invaded by heaven's will, the Pure Dream Reality Seeker bodies were also paid attention to by heaven's will at all times, keeping them near oneself was the same as leaking their location.</p> 
<p>However, Pure Dream Reality Seeker bodies could self-detonate into dream realms at crucial times and be used to obstruct Immortal Gu Houses. As such, Fang Yuan was keeping them with him.</p> 
<p>The investigative killer move on him had not been broken. There was also his life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu, which were in Wu clan's hands, more importantly, Wu clan actually had methods to attack Fang Yuan through them.</p> 
<p>The situation could be said to be extremely bad and dangerous!</p> 
<p>It was difficult for Fang Yuan to deal with even one Immortal Gu House. The upper extreme heavenly eagle was not reliable, although it had rank eight strength, it would not risk its life if it encountered a strong enemy. Fang Yuan's control over it had yet to be improved.</p> 
<p>Dark limit Immortal Gu was also lost, heaven's will could now monitor Fang Yuan at all times and easily make arrangements.</p> 
<p>"Moreover, they might also have been struck by investigative methods as well." Fang Yuan's gaze turned gloomy.</p> 
<p>After coming out of Plunder Shadow Earth Trench, Fang Yuan's next destination was Western Desert.</p> 
<p>Among the five regions, Western Desert had the highest quantity of Shadow Sect's remaining resources. Because Ying Wu Xie, Purple Mountain True Monarch and the others had traveled the other four regions, and plundered all the remaining resources and Immortal Gu that they could plunder. Only Western Desert remained.</p> 
<p>"Should I go to Western Desert alone?"</p> 
<p>"It is a pity to sacrifice them like this. Also, as long as I don't break the investigative method on me, my whereabouts will always be grasped by others."</p> 
<p>"Lang Ya Sect..."</p> 
<p id="n1" role="doc-footnote" epub:type="footnote">[1] Different Wu. <a href="#r1">Back</a></p>
    </body>
</html>
