<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1519: Finding Trouble After Plotting Against Them</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1519: Finding Trouble After Plotting Against Them</h1>
        
        <p>Fang An Lei was hit by the purple tongue sword, she turned stiff as a rock, her face was started to turn purple as well.</p> 
<p>That purple tongue sword pierced her body, but it was incredibly agile, it turned around and pierced towards Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>But at this point, Fang Yun and Fang Leng had already reacted, they controlled the Immortal Gu House as profound lights shined, suppressing the purple tongue sword and slowing it down.</p> 
<p>Vines extended and coiled around Fang An Lei's body, the fragrance of flowers permeated as colorful flowers grew, flower petals stuck to her flesh as light flowed into Fang An Lei's body through the vines, healing her.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had a grim expression, but coldness was concealed in his eyes, he was thinking rapidly.</p> 
<p>Fang clan's reinforcements had arrived, there were three Immortal Gu Houses now, Fallen Flower Hall, Chicken Dog Coop, and Inquiry Dock. These three Immortal Gu Houses could form the battlefield killer move peach blossom maze, it was incredibly powerful.</p> 
<p>In the five hundred years of Fang Yuan's previous life, during the five regions chaotic war, this move was extremely famous and threatening. Shadow Sect's information also emphasized on this point, informing him to be careful.</p> 
<p>After fighting for some time, Fang Yuan could tell that this Divine Bean Palace was strange.</p> 
<p>Earlier, Qing Chou opened the palace door and attacked with its full power, Fang Yuan learned about some truths due to that.</p> 
<p>It seemed to be an immemorial soul beast controlling this rank eight Immortal Gu House! And it could only fly around, it could not unleash the full power of this rank eight Immortal Gu House.</p> 
<p>Immortal Gu Houses possessed both offense and defense, a charging attack was the most direct and time-saving method. But Immortal Gu Houses had all sorts of abilities, like Fallen Flower Hall's mirror flower, fleeting bloom, and empty valley orchid, they were all killer moves. Hei tribe's Dark Prison Immortal Gu House also had a method to enslave and store ancient desolate beasts.</p> 
<p>Northern Plains' Hei tribe was destroyed, it could not compare to a top super force of Western Desert like Fang clan.</p> 
<p>Immortal Gu Houses were different in power levels too. If the rank eight Immortal Gu House could not use its methods and could only move around and charge, it was not the match of Fang clan's three Immortal Gu Houses.</p> 
<p>But if Fang clan won and suppressed this rank eight Immortal Gu House, or even obtained it, what could Fang Yuan gain from that?</p> 
<p>According to their alliance agreement, Fang Yuan would only get a rank six Immortal Gu and some immortal materials.</p> 
<p>And possibly, after Fang clan obtains the rank eight Immortal Gu House, all four Immortal Gu Houses would forcefully make Fang Yuan sign a new alliance agreement!</p> 
<p>In this current situation, with the Immortal Gu House in front of him, how could Fang Yuan not have any intention to reap profits?</p> 
<p>But to do that, he needed to balance the strength of both sides, therefore, Fang Yuan improvised to use the purple tongue sword to weaken Fang clan, getting rid of Fang An Lei.</p> 
<p>Having set an alliance agreement, how could Fang clan and Fang Yuan plot against each other like this?</p> 
<p>But the truth was, the alliance agreement was very lax on this term, they barely covered it.</p> 
<p>Therefore, Fang Yuan was safe after plotting against Fang An Lei!</p> 
<p>Did Fang An Lei not know about this loophole?</p> 
<p>Of course she knew!</p> 
<p>In fact, this was Fang clan's ill intention to begin with.</p> 
<p>Fang An Lei was thinking of making use of Fang Yuan, the collection of the impermanence rock was a plan to make use of Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Thus, because she had such plans, if she added that clause into the alliance agreement, she would be harming herself!</p> 
<p>Therefore, Fang An Lei was intentionally lax on that aspect and did not create much restriction on it, moreover, the situation was urgent, even if Fang Yuan found out and raised objections, she could make use of this excuse.</p> 
<p>Of course Fang Yuan found out!</p> 
<p>He was so crafty, he had the same plans too, but he pretended to not notice and act dumb.</p> 
<p>During the intense battle, Fang An Lei did not manage to succeed in her scheme against Fang Yuan, instead, she became the victim.</p> 
<p>"Such guts!"</p> 
<p>"We need to kill this scum!!"</p> 
<p>Fang clan's Gu Immortals screamed furiously in the two Immortal Gu Houses, they had already learned of Fang An Lei's injury.</p> 
<p>Chicken Dog Coop and Inquiry Dock rushed into the battlefield rapidly like shooting stars.</p> 
<p>But before they even did anything, Divine Bean Palace shined with dazzling light.</p> 
<p>Qing Chou tried its best but could not kill Fang Yuan, it was extremely weakened now, Divine Bean Palace suppressed it forcefully.</p> 
<p>Divine Bean Palace started to activate on its own, green light spread in the battlefield, sending the fainted Old Ghost Bai Jun, the pale Eagle Concubine, and the remaining soul beasts into the palace and flying into the sky.</p> 
<p>It retreated!</p> 
<p>This was out of everyone's expectations.</p> 
<p>Even Fang Yuan was a little shocked, this was not in line with the enemy's usual actions.</p> 
<p>Divine Bean Palace flew rapidly, Fang clan's Gu Immortals hesitated for a moment, Chicken Dog Coop stayed behind while Inquiry Dock flew into the sky, chasing after Divine Bean Palace.</p> 
<p>This Chicken Dog Coop Immortal Gu House had a strange design, it looked like two buildings side by side, the left building was yellow and had a round plaque that had 'chicken' written on it, the right building was red and had the word 'dog' on its plaque.</p> 
<p>The building's entrance opened as a Fang clan Gu Immortal flew out, entering Fallen Flower Hall and shouting in anxiety: "An Lei, An Lei!"</p> 
<p>But Fang An Lei's face was purple, she was unconscious.</p> 
<p>Fang Yun and Fang Leng had tired and worried expressions, the latter expressed his guilt: "We did not react in time, it was our fault."</p> 
<p>This Fang clan Gu Immortal stared at them fiercely: "Of course it's your fault!"</p> 
<p>Next, his expression changed as he inspected and found that Fang An Lei was about to die, he shouted: "An Lei, An Lei, you need to persevere!!"</p> 
<p>He tried using healing methods but they were ineffective.</p> 
<p>Right at this time, an orange profound light shot out of Chicken Dog Coop, entering Fang An Lei's forehead.</p> 
<p>The purple miasma on Fang An Lei's face eased as her life was saved, but she was still unconscious, barely hanging onto life.</p> 
<p>"This killer move is very peculiar, it is a soul path killer move but has poison path effect. She is poisoned, I can only suppress her injury, I cannot heal it!" At this time, an elderly Gu Immortal walked in, he had white hair and wore a yellow robe, showing a solemn expression.</p> 
<p>"Greetings, third supreme elder." Fang Yun and Fang Leng quickly greeted.</p> 
<p>"Fang clan's third supreme elder, Fang Hua Sheng…" Fang Yuan thought about this person's intel.</p> 
<p>"It's you! You were the one who hid inside Fallen Flower Hall and lured the attack here, causing my An Lei to be hit by that attack, you are the culprit behind this!!" That Fang clan Gu Immortal who was holding Fang An Lei screamed at Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan looked at him coldly, snorting arrogantly: "Who are you?"</p> 
<p>"I am Fang Chen…" That Gu Immortal spoke.</p> 
<p>But before he finished, Fang Yuan waved his sleeves: "I don't care who you are, if you are unhappy, we can have a fight, do you want a martial duel or a literature duel, I will accept either. If you want to use Fang clan's forces to deal with me, Suan Bu Jin, hehe, you can go ahead and do that."</p> 
<p>Saying so, Fang Yuan's eyes shined with cold light, he looked around imposingly, his aura was overpowering.</p> 
<p>"Oh no." Fang Leng and Fang Yun's hearts sank, Fang Yuan refused to back down, he was very overpowering, they were afraid that the two sides might get into a conflict.</p> 
<p>There was nothing wrong with Fang Yuan hiding inside Fallen Flower Hall in their opinion.</p> 
<p>After all, making good use of the Immortal Gu House on their side was a normal tactic. Not to mention that he was even a wisdom path Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had saved their lives, Fang Yun felt that he was their benefactor. And most importantly, Fang Yuan played a huge role in the earlier combat, if he did not subdue the flying spider immemorial soul beast, Fallen Flower Hall would have broken apart already.</p> 
<p>As for the luring of the attack, Fang Yuan might not have expected Fang An Lei to get hit.</p> 
<p>And in truth, even Fang Leng and Fang Yun did not expect that Fang An Lei could not dodge in time, that was also why they got stunned earlier.</p> 
<p>"Fang Chen, watch your words. Friend Suan Bu Jin is an ally of our Fang clan, we have an alliance agreement and he even fought hard in the battle earlier, how can you slander him?" Fang Hua Sheng's expression changed, he chided Fang Chen.</p> 
<p>Next, he turned his gaze to Fang Yuan, saying sincerely: "Fang Chen is the husband of Fang An Lei, he is worried about his wife, he did not mean to offend you, friend, I hope you can forgive him."</p> 
<p>Fang Chen was the husband of Fang An Lei, but he had the same surname?</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan instantly understood, this Fang Chen had married into Fang clan, he was a lone immortal that was recruited into their clan, after marrying Fang An Lei, he even changed his own surname.</p> 
<p>After getting scolded, Fang Chen lowered his head and did not dare to scream at Fang Yuan anymore, he lowered his head to check on Fang An Lei, even though his methods were useless, he did not stop trying.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's eyes shined brightly, he thought: "Fang Yun and Fang Leng are worried, Fang Hua Sheng is an old sly fox, Fang Chen is not simple either, as an in-law of Fang clan, he is likely not overcome by emotions, he just had to play his part and act like that because his wife was heavily injured. But it is a pity, I do not fear them."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was fearless, because of that alliance agreement.</p> 
<p>Fang An Lei had made that alliance agreement on behalf of Fang clan, she had interacted the most with Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>If Fang clan went back on their words, Fang An Lei would face the backlash of the information path dao marks. In her current condition, how could she take that?</p> 
<p>Any bit of backlash would kill her on the spot!</p> 
<p>This was what Fang Yuan wanted to see.</p> 
<p>Of course, there were methods to break alliance agreements, but those methods carried risks, they were not completely safe.</p> 
<p>And even if Fang clan had such methods, in Fang An Lei's current condition, they would be apprehensive to use them.</p> 
<p>It could be said that the fainted Fang An Lei was Fang Yuan's greatest protection.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was fearless, he sneered: "Friend Fang Hua Sheng, your Fang clan needs to give me a good answer. Otherwise, I will not let this go!"</p> 
<p>"Hmm?" Fang Yun and Fang Leng looked at each other, what was Senior Suan Bu Jin doing by questioning Fang clan now?</p> 
<p>Even Fang Chen, who was lowering his head, turned to look at Fang Yuan, his gaze had the meaning of 'how could this person be so overbearing, even though I did not provoke you further, you are actually going overboard to find trouble with us?'</p> 
<p>Fang Hua Sheng also had an appropriate display of confusion and coldness on his face: "What do you mean, friend? Does my Fang clan owe you anything?"</p>
    </body>
</html>
