<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1110: Rank Eight Gu Immortals Cannot Be Schemed Against</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1110: Rank Eight Gu Immortals Cannot Be Schemed Against</h1>
        
        <p>"Hahaha, he is Domination Immortal indeed, I am leaving too." Amidst the silence, Hui Feng Zi laughed loudly.</p> 
<p>Next, winds moved around his body, assisting him in his quick departure.</p> 
<p>Countless gazes focused on him as well.</p> 
<p>Hui Feng Zi was the fastest person in Northern Plains, Yao Huang had once tried to capture him but failed. That was Hui Feng Zi's greatest and proudest achievement.</p> 
<p>Chu Du and Hui Feng Zi had huge guts, they did not give Heavenly Lord Bai Zu face, the other immortals had differing ideas, but nobody dared to leave.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu did not say anything, he watched as they left.</p> 
<p>Hei tribe's first supreme elder quickly shouted: "Reporting to Heavenly Lord, forget about Hui Feng Zi, but Chu Du has taken the thirteenth eagle nest, Hei Fan true inheritance is inside it!"</p> 
<p>The immortals heard about this and went into a commotion, they secretly started conversing quietly.</p> 
<p>Everyone had heard of Hei Fan's reputation and fame. This person was the pride of Hei tribe's history, he was the one who led Hei tribe to their current status as a super force. If he was still alive, who would dare to attack Hei tribe?</p> 
<p>"No need to worry, I know about that." Heavenly Lord Bai Zu's spoke again, the tone of his voice was extremely calm and plain!</p> 
<p>First supreme elder's heart jumped, his lips trembled, he wanted to speak, but no words came out of his mouth.</p> 
<p>Second supreme elder suddenly said: "Reporting to Heavenly Lord, Iron Eagle blessed land is about to break apart. If we set a banquet here, it might not last for even half a day."</p> 
<p>"Don't worry, we have already been prepared long ago." At this time, three Gu Immortals appeared together.</p> 
<p>The immortals took a look, showing expressions of realization.</p> 
<p>These three immortals were none other than the three Gu Immortals from Bai Zu tribe.</p> 
<p>During the entire battle in Hei tribe, they were watching from the side, it turned out that they were following Heavenly Lord Bai Zu's orders, they were in charge of settling the aftermath of the battle.</p> 
<p>Next, Bai Zu tribe's three Gu Immortals worked together, unleashing an immortal killer move.</p> 
<p>The killer move's effect showed immediate result, in a moment, Iron Eagle blessed land which was shaking and breaking apart managed to stabilize.</p> 
<p>Seeing this, a lot of the righteous and demonic immortals had changes in their expressions.</p> 
<p>This immortal killer move had incredible effect, this was the first time they were seeing it, it had never been used in past records.</p> 
<p>They realized that: Bai Zu tribe did not just have Heavenly Lord Bai Zu alone, the other Gu Immortals were also formidable characters.</p> 
<p>"Gong Er greets Heavenly Lord." Next, Gong tribe's Gu Immortal Gong Er came forward alone, entering Iron Eagle blessed land and paying respects towards the sky.</p> 
<p>In the absence of rank nine, rank eights were the dominating overlords!</p> 
<p>Gong Er was a proud person, but facing a rank eight existence, he had to be polite, even though he was feeling moody on the inside.</p> 
<p>During the final moments of the battle of Hei tribe, Gong Er wanted to use the Immortal Gu House Golden Dawn Hall to snatch the resources inside.</p> 
<p>But the Gu Immortals of Bai Zu tribe smiled as they told him not to act rashly for his own sake.</p> 
<p>Gong Er would naturally not listen to them, but soon, he received a message from Prince Feng Xian. The content was: Do not act rashly, otherwise, you are making enemies with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu! If Heavenly Lord Bai Zu is displeased and kills you, you deserve to die, I will definitely not take revenge for you.</p> 
<p>Gong Er heard this and did not dare to act, even though he was extremely unwilling internally, he had suffered a huge loss of face.</p> 
<p>He had mobilized Golden Dawn Hall to come here and control the situation, but his effort did not match the gains that he had. Originally, Gong Er wanted to act as the leader of the righteous path, but the other Huang Jin bloodline Gu Immortals paid no heed to him at all.</p> 
<p>Bai Zu tribe's three Gu Immortals listened to him and went into Golden Dawn Hall as guests. Even though this gave Gong Er some face, the three immortals had hidden intentions.</p> 
<p>Gong Er represented Gong tribe, he had to come out. When he greeted Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, he felt extremely displeased towards Prince Feng Xian: "Damn it, curses! This time, I completely lost to Prince Feng Xian. Hmph, he is not one of us after all, he is just a son-in-law of Gong tribe, an external supreme elder in our tribe!"</p> 
<p>Normally speaking, super forces with family based systems rarely had external supreme elders.</p> 
<p>This was unlike Central Continent's sects, they could easily take in others as their external supreme elders.</p> 
<p>External elders who join super clans or tribes usually had a close relationship with one of the tribe's Gu Immortals. For example, they could be husband and wife, or blood-sworn brothers.</p> 
<p>Fairy Jiang Yu had once joined Hei tribe, she had been Hei Cheng's concubine on the surface.</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian's true identity was that of a spy from Spirit Affinity House that had entered Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world, he was in charge of the great plan of looking over Imperial Court blessed land, and controlling Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.</p> 
<p>In his early days, he had become the husband of a female Gong tribe immortal. Under Spirit Affinity House's secret help, he had become a rank eight Gu Immortal, he stayed out most of the time and did not interact much with Gong tribe.</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian stayed inside his own Feng Xian grotto-heaven, he did not pay attention or communicate with his Gong tribe wife, he only stayed with his two female attendant Gu Immortals, You Lan and Le Yao.</p> 
<p>Gong tribe was very unhappy because of this, but Prince Feng Xian was a rank eight Gu Immortal, Gong tribe's Gu Immortals could do nothing but hold in their anger.</p> 
<p>This time, after Old Ancestor Xue Hu defeated the combination of Yao Huang and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, Gong tribe came up with a plan, they went ahead to brag that Prince Feng Xian was the only person who could defeat Old Ancestor Xue Hu. This way, they could use Prince Feng Xian's reputation to elevate Gong tribe's status in the righteous path. Secondly, they could also force Prince Feng Xian to become enemies with Old Ancestor Xue Hu. If the two of them fought, regardless of victory or defeat, it would benefit Gong tribe.</p> 
<p>This plan hit two birds with one stone, but could a rank eight Gu Immortal be schemed against so easily?</p> 
<p>This time, Gong Er was taught a huge lesson!</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian secretly came to an agreement with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, one could guess that Heavenly Lord Bai Zu definitely paid a price for it. Prince Feng Xian concealed this matter, not informing Gong tribe about it. He sacrificed Gong tribe's benefits and kept the gains for himself. But at the crucial moment, he sent a letter, he did not leave behind any evidence that could be used against him. Gong tribe could only endure this silently, after all, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu only gave face to Prince Feng Xian.</p> 
<p>Gong tribe did not have any other rank eight expert, strength was the foundation for talking on equal terms!</p> 
<p>The three Bai Zu Gu Immortals stabilized Iron Eagle blessed land, it was not only safe now, they even started to repair it. For the next three days, Iron Eagle blessed land held a huge banquet.</p> 
<p>In Hei tribe's former headquarters, Bai Zu tribe's rise was declared, the intention was quite extraordinary, there was profound meaning behind it.</p> 
<p>Almost all the Gu Immortals joined the celebration, other than exceptions like Domination Immortal and Hui Feng Zi.</p> 
<p>Other than these two, there could have been others. For example, the mysterious Gu Immortal who appeared during the battle in Hei tribe, the person who controlled Modest Thatched Hut. It was unknown whether they were hidden among the immortals now, or whether they had left secretly already.</p> 
<p>The righteous path Gu Immortals mostly joined in the celebrations on the first day before taking their leave.</p> 
<p>Gong tribe with Gong Er as the leading Gu Immortal was the first to leave. When they left, Gong Er walked with confident steps, but people could tell that Gong tribe was in a dejected state.</p> 
<p>The second was Nian Er tribe.</p> 
<p>Only two Gu Immortals from this super force came to Hei tribe.</p> 
<p>One was the rank seven space path Gu Immortal Nian Er Fu, while the other was the current generation Sword Child, Nian Er Ping Zhi.</p> 
<p>Even though the latter had only rank six cultivation level, he had gained much reputation in this battle in Hei tribe, he became famous overnight. But he paid a hefty price.</p> 
<p>Old Monster Corpse Poison stared at Nian Er Ping Zhi with much hatred, he was gritting his teeth.</p> 
<p>The grudge of both parties was immense now.</p> 
<p>Meng tribe, Yuan tribe, Nu Er tribe, Ye Lui tribe, and the others took their leave one by one.</p> 
<p>Liu tribe, Yao tribe, Guan tribe, these three tribe's Gu Immortals attended for the entire banquet, staying until the end. After three days and nights, they took their leave, they gave Bai Zu tribe ample face.</p> 
<p>It was because these three tribes were different from the other Huang Jin tribes, they were quite close to the current Bai Zu tribe's territory, they needed to establish good relationships.</p> 
<p>As for the demonic path and lone immortals, they left entirely after three days and nights.</p> 
<p>The stronger they were, the earlier they left. There were also certain Gu Immortal experts who stayed back, attempting to get close to Bai Zu tribe.</p> 
<p>If it were the other Huang Jin tribes, when holding a celebration, they would not invite all of these people.</p> 
<p>But Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had been a lone immortal in the past, the lone immortals and demonic path Gu Immortals could accept his invitation and stayed here.</p> 
<p>"See you, see you."</p> 
<p>"Until we meet again, forgive us for not sending you off."</p> 
<p>During these three days, Iron Eagle blessed land had been completely repaired.</p> 
<p>The blessed land's entrance opened, Hei tribe's Gu Immortals and Bai Zu tribe's Gu Immortals stood at the entrance, speaking in polite tones as they sent off all of the leaving Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>The leaving Gu Immortals, regardless of their faction, sighed to themselves: After this battle in Hei tribe, the entire situation in Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world changed!</p> 
<p>Hei tribe's Gu Immortals surrendered, they had to send off these Gu Immortals who invaded their homes, they definitely felt uneasy and unhappy. Heavenly Lord Bai Zu made them do this, he was humiliating them.</p> 
<p>Among them, Hei tribe's first supreme elder could feel it the most.</p> 
<p>During the battle in Hei tribe, he suffered the heaviest injuries. Heavenly Lord Bai Zu personally used his healing methods to heal the rest of the Hei tribe's Gu Immortals, except him.</p> 
<p>He was pale, he sent off the guests in an injured state, he spat out blood from time to time, he looked so pathetic, all of his face was gone!</p> 
<p>Hei tribe's first supreme elder understood: "I purpose exposed the fact about the Hei Fan true inheritance earlier, I wanted Heavenly Lord Bai Zu to attack Chu Du. If he was killed, we could take revenge for Chu Du's invasion. If he failed, and Chu Du escaped, with his personality, he would definitely exact revenge on Bai Zu tribe. To think that Heavenly Lord Bai Zu chose to do nothing, he knew that this was my scheme, thus, he has been suppressing and punishing me secretly these last three days!"</p> 
<p>Sadness, pain, hatred, fear, all sorts of emotions tangled together and filled Hei tribe's first supreme elder.</p> 
<p>After sending the final Gu Immortal off, Gu Immortals of Hei tribe and Bai Zu tribe went to meet Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.</p> 
<p>In the highest level of Iron Eagle blessed land, the original discussion hall of Hei tribe, everyone met with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.</p> 
<p>"Greetings to Heavenly Lord." The immortals stood on the spot, paying their respects.</p> 
<p>"Mm, everyone has worked hard." Heavenly Lord Bai Zu sat at the highest position, he smiled: "From now on, Hei tribe's Gu Immortals will change their surnames to Bai Zu. Hei tribe's resources have been taken by Northern Plains' immortals, that is an established fact. This is also the result that I had gotten after negotiating with the other rank eight experts. In the future, you cannot use this as an excuse to take revenge."</p> 
<p>The immortals quickly responded in acknowledgment.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu paused for a while before saying: "But the Hei Fan true inheritance is not a small matter, it involves a rank eight expert. Even if I do not cultivate time path, I can use it as reference. Ignore Chu Du for now, I already know the location of Hei Fan grotto-heaven. After some time, we can forcefully attack it and obtain everything inside!"</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu did not anticipate obtaining the Hei Fan true inheritance.</p> 
<p>This true inheritance could not even be obtained by Hei tribe's own members, not to mention him as an outsider.</p> 
<p>The true benefit was Hei Fan grotto-heaven, and the countless resources accumulated inside. This was enough to entice any rank eight.</p> 
<p>Hei tribe's first supreme elder heard this and felt incredibly shocked!</p> 
<p>"Hei Fan grotto-heaven's location is the biggest secret in our tribe. Including me, only the rest of the top four supreme elders know! How can Heavenly Lord Bai Zu learn about it? Don't tell me, someone secretly submitted to him before this? This secret was told to him?!"</p> 
<p>Learning about this, Hei tribe's first supreme elder felt a chill going down his spine, his body shuddered in fear.</p> 
<p>He knelt on the floor immediately, kowtowing to Heavenly Lord Bai Zu in an extravagant manner: "I have failed in my task, I am greatly at fault! Please punish me, Heavenly Lord!"</p> 
<p>"Oh? What failure is it?" Heavenly Lord Bai Zu looked at Hei tribe's first supreme elder, showing an expression of a vague smile.</p> 
<p>Hei tribe's first supreme elder felt cold sweat on his forehead, he could not tell the Heavenly Lord Bai Zu about his scheme three days ago, that would be offending the great expert!</p> 
<p>Thus, he shifted the topic: "In this battle in Hei tribe, we anticipated that Fang Yuan would appear to reap some benefits. In the entire battle, we had used investigative immortal methods continuously, but we could not find him at all. I have failed in capturing Fang Yuan, it was my mistake!"</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu smiled: "Your investigative method is quite unique, it can actually expose an otherworldly demon. I am afraid that Fang Yuan truly did not come. That is a pity, if he appeared, I would have captured him. With this bargaining chip, I would not have to pay such a huge price."</p> 
<p>As it turned out, Hei tribe and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had already discussed to set a trap against Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was the culprit behind the matter of Imperial Court blessed land, it was widely known, the Northern Plains Gu Immortal world knew that Fang Yuan had Fixed Immortal Travel and Spring Autumn Cicada.</p> 
<p>Hei tribe's battle was an opportunity not seen in hundreds of years, to think that Fang Yuan did not come. This was out of their expectations, after all, Fang Yuan had Fixed Immortal Travel, it was easy for him to show up.</p> 
<p>They did not know about the matters after the battle of Yi Tian Mountain. Right now, Fixed Immortal Travel was in the hands of Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>As for the investigative immortal killer move that could expose an otherworldly demon, it also had a peculiar origin.</p> 
<p>Hei tribe had once had an otherworldly demon. When he was a mortal Gu Master, he displayed incredible talent and attracted the attention of the higher-ups.</p> 
<p>The Quartet Sparrow Battle Tactic that he came up with was a game that the top four supreme elders of Hei tribe loved, they could not stop playing it even until now.</p> 
<p>After soul search, Hei tribe's Gu Immortals found out that this person was an otherworldly demon. Thus, Hei tribe's Gu Immortals did thorough research on his body, even though his life was lost in the process, they obtained an immortal killer move that could expose an otherworldly demon.</p> 
<p>This secret was only known by Hei tribe's top four supreme elders, the rest of the Hei tribe Gu Immortals did not know about it.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu continued: "Never mind that Fang Yuan did not come here. Your Hei tribe was smart and knew to join my Bai Zu tribe in the nick of time, it is a good thing. Three days later, I will help you get rid of your problem, you will be able to separate and move on your own. Don't worry, as long as you sincerely forget the past and live on as a Gu Immortal of Bai Zu tribe, think in the interests of our tribe and contribute to the tribe, I will definitely notice and reward you for your hard work."</p> 
<p>"Yes! We obey the orders of Heavenly Lord!" Hei tribe's Gu Immortals quickly responded.</p> 
<p>Hei tribe's first supreme elder even knelt on the floor, shouting loudly with an attitude of gratitude and joy: "Heavenly Lord, you are magnanimous, you forgave us for our incompetence, we are truly in awe at your grace! You even thought about our problem and are going to help us resolve it, you are truly the savior of our tribe...."</p> 
<p>Saying this, he kowtowed with his head heavily hitting the floor, tears were flowing endlessly down his cheeks.</p> 
<p>But inside, he felt icy chills.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was highly skilled, he immediately wanted to get rid of their Green City Rampage. This formation would no longer belong to Hei tribe's top four supreme elders from now on.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was extremely pleased, he allowed them to leave after saying some words of encouragement.</p> 
<p>He sat and did not move, he was thinking in his head.</p> 
<p>"Hei tribe's Gu Immortals have just joined us, their status fell drastically, they are definitely not in a tranquil state, they will need a lot of time to adjust to their new life."</p> 
<p>"However, it is good that Hei tribe's first supreme elder has this attitude now. My effort of suppressing him was not wasted, I can spare his life."</p> 
<p>"It is too bad that Fang Yuan did not show up, otherwise, if I could capture him, my gains would be greater! Now, I can only pay the price myself."</p> 
<p>To ensure that the other rank eight experts did not act, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu paid a hefty price, he felt pain thinking about it.</p> 
<p>"However, there can only be gains after putting in the investment. Right now, Bai Zu tribe finally has the foundation to firmly stay in Northern Plains!"</p> 
<p>"And there is also Hei Fan grotto-heaven, if I can take it down, my losses will be replenished."</p> 
<p>"Of course, I cannot rush this, I need to let the tribe recuperate now, and ensure that there is peace! After this battle, I have gotten on the nerves of the righteous path. If I attack Hei Fan grotto-heaven now, the other rank eights will not watch me quietly from the side."</p> 
<p>"Thankfully, Hei tribe lost all of their fortune now, the righteous and demonic immortals are satisfied by their gains. These forces would conflict and restrain each other, for the short term, they will not find problems with Bai Zu tribe."</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu thought about all these things, in this short period of time, he clearly assessed the circumstances of Bai Zu tribe and himself, he was clear about his goals, and was prepared to start his future plans!</p>
    </body>
</html>
