<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1198: Dragon Breath</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1198: Dragon Breath</h1>
        
        <p>Gu are the essence of heaven and earth, man is the spirit of all living beings.</p> 
<p>Human intelligence was the highest among all the living beings. However, the way of heaven was to have balance, humans were highest in intelligence, but their bodies were extremely fragile.</p> 
<p>Humans did not have sharp claws, fur, wings, or gills.</p> 
<p>The strength of humans might not be the weakest but it was at the bottom tier. They were fundamentally unable to contest with typical desolate beasts.</p> 
<p>Human skin was no different from paper compared to desolate beasts.</p> 
<p>However, when Fang Yuan transformed into a desolate beast sword dragon, he obtained the qualities of a sword dragon. Although there was still a difference from a true sword dragon, he was already far beyond the limits of humans.</p> 
<p>The initial concept when transformation path was created was —</p> 
<p>Study all living beings and add the advantages of those beings to one's own body.</p> 
<p>Humans did not have sharp claws, so transform human fingers into claws. Humans did not have fur, so transform one's hair into fur.</p> 
<p>If one is without wings, then create wings, and fly like the birds in the sky. If one has no gills, transform into a fish, and swim in the depths of the sea.</p> 
<p>Naturally, by the current era, the concept of transformation path was not limited to just this.</p> 
<p>Using one path to project every path had become transformation path's main principle, imitating the advantages of other paths.</p> 
<p>As time passed, there were bound to be improvements.</p> 
<p>The wheels of history would keep on turning forward.</p> 
<p>Ever since Reckless Savage Demon Venerable created transformation path, this path had not declined and was passed down throughout human history, moreover, new ideas replaced the old, causing it to thrive even now.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan lightly stretched out his dragon body, flying to the rank seven immortal material.</p> 
<p>This was a giant dark inkstone, among rank seven immortal materials, it was considered very firm and had the characteristic of being difficult to process.</p> 
<p>His dragon claws slashed at it, but were unable to leave any trace.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had already expected this, thus he did not use only his claws, instead, he turned his body and suddenly whipped his tail!</p> 
<p>Ping.</p> 
<p>A sharp sound resounded as the dragon tail fiercely whipped at the dark inkstone.</p> 
<p>Pain could be felt from the dragon tail, causing Fang Yuan to take a sharp breath of cold air.</p> 
<p>While on the dark inkstone's surface, a thin crack appeared.</p> 
<p>Just based on the dragon tail's whip, it was more menacing than the claws.</p> 
<p>This was an attribute of the sword dragon.</p> 
<p>Many dragons' characteristics differed in subtle aspects.</p> 
<p>Some dragons had extremely sharp fangs, their strong bite power surpassing the power of their claws and tail. Some dragons were better at ripping, their claws were their most powerful weapons.</p> 
<p>And the sword dragon was slender and nimble, the power of its tail surpassed its two small claws.</p> 
<p>And above the power of its tail was the sword dragon's speed.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had already practiced it, the sword dragon was not powerful in long distance attacks, but its burst of speed from an unmoving state was impressive.</p> 
<p>Although it could not compare to sword escape Immortal Gu, it was not inferior to Fang Yuan's blood path movement killer move — Blood Torrent.</p> 
<p>Moreover, because it was the sword dragon's own innate movement speed, Fang Yuan could change directions much more nimbly than blood torrent, and it was much easier to maneuver as well.</p> 
<p>And the sword dragon's strongest weapon was its dragon breath.</p> 
<p>Dragons could breathe out attacks.</p> 
<p>This was almost an innate ability of any dragon.</p> 
<p>It was like the upper extreme heavenly eagle, having the innate ability to penetrate space and enter blessed lands and grotto-heavens. It was just that the dragon's breath was a very common ability, while the upper extreme heavenly eagle's ability was rare.</p> 
<p>Upper extreme heavenly eagles were very rare, rank eight Gu Immortal Hei Fan had also obtained one through a fortuitous encounter. Besides him, no one had obtained another upper extreme heavenly eagle in Hei tribe's history.</p> 
<p>Whoosh!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan tested his dragon breath.</p> 
<p>In an instant, a white light flashed and shot at the rank six immortal material subterranean adamantite.</p> 
<p>The subterranean adamantite shook lightly before the dragon breath disappeared, the whole process was very fast, it was as if nothing had occurred.</p> 
<p>But the next moment, changes started to slowly appear in the subterranean adamantite, a clear crack appeared on the subterranean adamantite, the whole crack was incomparably straight, going from top to bottom in a slightly inclined angle.</p> 
<p>The subterranean adamantite was split into two by this thin crack. Then, due to the subterranean adamantite's enormous weight, the two halves fell down.</p> 
<p>Bam bam, two consecutive muffled sounds echoed.</p> 
<p>The boulder sized subterranean adamantite had split into two and fallen to the ground.</p> 
<p>The cut surface was smooth, like it was directly split by the sharpest weapon in the world.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's dragon claws could only leave behind marks a few inches deep. But his dragon breath was incomparably sharp, cutting down this giant subterranean adamantite into two!</p> 
<p>It had to be known that subterranean adamantite was considered among the hardest rank six immortal materials.</p> 
<p>The might of the sword dragon's breath could be seen from this.</p> 
<p>Despite Fang Yuan being mentally prepared, upon seeing the two halves of the subterranean adamantite, he could not help slightly nodding his dragon head in satisfaction.</p> 
<p>Next, he continued to test.</p> 
<p>He used his dragon breath on the rank seven immortal material dark inkstone.</p> 
<p>Dark inkstone was even firmer than subterranean adamantite, the dragon breath was like sword light, cutting open marks several inches deep on the dark inkstone.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan continuously breathed it out sixteen times before he reached his limit.</p> 
<p>For a short period of time, he would not be able to send out his dragon breath, he felt like a traveler in a desert who had not drank water for over half a month, his throat was extremely dry. If he tried to use dragon breath any more, he had the feeling he would destroy his throat.</p> 
<p>Consecutively using dragon breath sixteen times changed the appearance of the whole dark inkstone. There were sword marks everywhere on it, it looked somewhat scary.</p> 
<p>After resting for some time, Fang Yuan felt he had recovered to some degree.</p> 
<p>He breathed out again, sure enough, he used the seventeenth dragon breath!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan engraved this duration in his mind.</p> 
<p>He was continuously estimating: 'With just my own strength, I can use dragon breath sixteen times in a row. After resting for about five minutes, I will recover and can continue to breathe it out. But it is just barely possible, and after breathing out the seventeenth dragon breath, I will once again fall into the previous plight and will still need to rest for five minutes of time."</p> 
<p>"If I add some dragon breath mortal Gu in this, I should be able to increase the amount of times I can use dragon breath."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had not yet combined dragon breath Gu in this sword dragon transformation immortal killer move.</p> 
<p>Dragon breath Gu was quite difficult to refine.</p> 
<p>This was because the material to refine this Gu worm was the breath of dragons.</p> 
<p>This dragon Fang Yuan obtained was dead, he had waited for a long time in treasure yellow heaven before he found someone selling it, and he had to pay a considerable price to buy it.</p> 
<p>Only a living dragon could send its breath out, which could then be used as material to refine dragon breath Gu.</p> 
<p>Naturally, if the Gu recipe was modified and other materials were used to substitute for dragon breath, it could be done. But Fang Yuan clearly did not have such ability.</p> 
<p>Besides a living sword dragon, other living dragons also could be used to refine dragon breath Gu.</p> 
<p>However, such a dragon breath Gu might be the same in name, but would have some slight differences. Although it could be used, some other mortal Gu had to be added in to remove the differences.</p> 
<p>Transformation path was somewhat particular about this aspect.</p> 
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan had specifically refined all the required Gu like dragon scale Gu, dragon claw Gu and so on from the sword dragon's corpse.</p> 
<p>By using these Gu worms, he could much more quickly and conveniently activate the immortal killer move, sword dragon transformation.</p> 
<p>The testing of the killer move was finished, the results were in line with Fang Yuan's expectations.</p> 
<p>He had pondered deeply about choosing sword dragon transformation, and he had deduced these results in detail prior to this.</p> 
<p>"With just a rank six Immortal Gu as the core, sword dragon transformation has a certain level of battle strength, but it is still not enough against rank seven Gu Immortals."</p> 
<p>Normally speaking, rank seven Gu Immortals had defensive methods that were stronger than dark inkstone.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan used the strongest weapon of his sword dragon transformation, dragon breath, but was only able to deform this dark inkstone.</p> 
<p>This sword dragon transformation was not sufficient for display in the blood battle martial competition.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was well aware of this.</p> 
<p>He naturally had follow-up methods.</p> 
<p>Cancelling his transformation, he flew out of his cloud city and soon arrived in front of Lang Ya land spirit.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan directly expressed his intent: "Greetings to first supreme elder, I am here to exchange for sect contribution points."</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit's eyes flashed with joy, he knew Fang Yuan had obtained Hei Fan grotto-heaven, had the status of an inheritor of Thieving Heaven, wrecked Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and definitely had many good things in his hands.</p> 
<p>And for Lang Ya Sect to develop, it naturally needed better and more precious cultivation resources.</p> 
<p>However, Lang Ya land spirit could not force other Gu Immortals to hand over their resources, this would conflict with their interests, and Lang Ya Sect would then fall apart.</p> 
<p>"It is good you have such thoughts." Lang Ya land spirit was greatly interested, "What do you want to contribute to the sect this time?"</p> 
<p>"First, take a look at this." Fang Yuan brought out an item.</p> 
<p>"A Gu Immortal's soul?" Lang Ya land spirit frowned, souls of Gu Immortals could be treated as a type of immortal material, and had more value if they were of a soul path Gu Immortal. There was even more value in the cultivation memories in the Gu Immortal's soul.</p> 
<p>Gu Immortal souls were naturally not common.</p> 
<p>Many Gu Immortals had methods to detonate their soul, Shadow Sect were most adept in this. Back then, when Feng Jiu Ge had battled Qin Bai Sheng before he recovered his memories, he had sensed the latter had a powerful soul detonation method, and thus let go of Qin Bai Sheng, not willing to fight to such a desperate extent.</p> 
<p>When Gu Immortals battle, it would not be easy for them to hold back. Just like when Nian Er Ping Zhi killed Granny Yin, he directly destroyed her soul.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit accepted this Gu Immortal soul, but he found this soul was already tampered with by Fang Yuan and could no longer be soul searched, only being used as immortal material.</p> 
<p>"Like this, this Gu Immortal soul can only exchange for a hundred contribution points." Lang Ya land spirit said with slight disappointment.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan, however, smiled: "No, I think the price can be slightly higher. We can place this Gu Immortal soul in Dang Hun Mountain and turn it into guts Gu. Gu Immortal souls are extraordinary, they are supreme goods, this will definitely turn into a large sum of guts Gu. Recently, we have not been able to increase the production of guts Gu, with this Gu Immortal soul, we can definitely satisfy the rockman tribe's requests."</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit came to a realization and nodded: "It is indeed true."</p> 
<p>He estimated the price again and said: "This rank six Gu Immortal soul can be considered as two hundred and ten sect contribution points then."</p>
    </body>
</html>
