<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1427: Planning to Obtain Red Lotus&apos; True Meaning</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1427: Planning to Obtain Red Lotus&apos; True Meaning</h1>
        
        <p>The orange light shone on Feng Jiu Ge and faded immediately.</p> 
<p>This meant that Feng Jiu Ge's immortal killer move, yang pass tune, had reached its time limit. He had to wait fourteen hours to use it again now.</p> 
<p>But that was not important.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge had already left the battlefield, yang pass tune's time limit no longer mattered.</p> 
<p>This Central Continent genius rarely seen in a thousand years landed on the ground slowly as he looked at the sky. He still had an elegant face, but he was frowning now, a long while later, he sighed deeply.</p> 
<p>"Truly an amazing person!"</p> 
<p>He was naturally not talking about himself, but Fang Yuan instead.</p> 
<p>Some time ago, Fang Yuan was still an ant in Feng Jiu Ge's eyes, not long ago, even though Fang Yuan gathered the strength of a group of immortals, he could not match Feng Jiu Ge, he had to retreat.</p> 
<p>But in the earlier battle, Feng Jiu Ge was outmatched and had to retreat from the battlefield.</p> 
<p>This change was too rapid, Feng Jiu Ge could not believe it even now.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan had deep foundations to begin with, he was reborn from the future and possesses Spring Autumn Cicada, Giant Sun's true inheritance, and is now the leader of Shadow Sect, possessing Spectral Soul Demon Venerable's accumulation. He is like a dormant volcano, given enough time, he would erupt with lava that gushes towards the heavens!"</p> 
<p>"His eruption this time was not a fluke, it was bound to happen."</p> 
<p>"Such a person truly needs to be killed with all our strength to prevent future trouble. But Heavenly Court is trying to make use of him to obtain Red Lotus' true inheritance. This is quite unwise…"</p> 
<p>For the first time, Feng Jiu Ge felt doubts and disagreement with Heavenly Court's plan.</p> 
<p>In Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei was thinking.</p> 
<p>She watched the earlier battle through Feng Jiu Ge.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's battle strength surged, not only did Feng Jiu Ge feel shocked, even this great wisdom path great expert was startled.</p> 
<p>A similar emotion to Feng Jiu Ge emerged in Fairy Zi Wei as well.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's foundation was too deep, he was related to three venerables. And with his rebirth advantage, he only spent a number of years to become a Gu Immortal from a mortal. And more than that, after the earlier battle, he fought Feng Jiu Ge evenly, he was someone that even rank eight existences could not ignore.</p> 
<p>His improvement was too rapid.</p> 
<p>If he only had fortuitous encounters, like Ma Hong Yun, so be it, that was not worth worrying over.</p> 
<p>The scary thing was Fang Yuan's personality!</p> 
<p>Such a demonic path cultivator with deep ambitions, along with his lack of any weak point in morality, he had always worked his hardest without giving up or feeling dejected, he could endure hardship and could keep a low profile to achieve his goals, taking no account of sacrifices or immoral methods.</p> 
<p>It was hard to imagine what experiences turned him into this person.</p> 
<p>"Since rebirth, Fang Yuan had been mostly under heaven's will's control. After the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he tried to leave the grasp of heaven's will, but he exposed himself in the dream realm. His cultivation journey has always been filled with difficulties and hurdles. If he is given some time to cultivate in peace, his growth in strength would be unimaginable!"</p> 
<p>Wariness.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei started to feel a trace of wariness towards Fang Yuan in her heart.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's existence was a threat to her now.</p> 
<p>She wanted to eliminate him!</p> 
<p>The earlier she could eliminate him, the better!</p> 
<p>Thinking like this, Fairy Zi Wei's killing intent rose sharply.</p> 
<p>"Zi Wei, don't be so nervous." At this moment, a low voice entered Fairy Zi Wei's ears.</p> 
<p>She had a deep impression of this voice.</p> 
<p>She turned around and saw Duke Long indeed.</p> 
<p>"Lord Duke Long, you are out of seclusion?!" Fairy Zi Wei was surprised and overjoyed.</p> 
<p>Duke Long smiled: "Yes."</p> 
<p>"That means, Spectral Soul has been…"</p> 
<p>"That's right, I suppressed him completely already. But it is troublesome to soul search him. I need some time to have any effect." Duke Long smiled lightly.</p> 
<p>"Ah!" Fairy Zi Wei had a happy expression, her eyes were shining with life.</p> 
<p>Such great news made her mood better, she was no longer as stressed as before.</p> 
<p>Duke Long continued: "Compared to Red Lotus true inheritance, Fang Yuan is really nothing."</p> 
<p>"But he is a complete otherworldly demon…" Fairy Zi Wei hesitated.</p> 
<p>"That is because you do not understand Red Lotus Demon Venerable." Duke Long sighed, deep feelings were contained in his words.</p> 
<p>"Red Lotus set up seven true inheritances, but our Heavenly Court could not find one with all our efforts. Spectral Soul Demon Venerable obtained one of them, as long as we have this clue, we can find the rest of Red Lotus' true inheritances and get rid of them all!"</p> 
<p>"I understand, Lord Duke Long." Fairy Zi Wei had a solemn gaze: "We have a time path rank eight, Feng Jiu Ge, and two more rank eights in the River of Time now, what do you think of that?"</p> 
<p>Duke Long smiled: "You are the wisdom path great grandmaster, not me. I am assured if you are the person arranging it. Next, I will mentor the great era's Great Dream Immortal Venerable. Oh right, announce to the world that we have captured Spectral Soul alive."</p> 
<p>"Heavenly Court has stayed silent for too long, it is time for the world to know that Heavenly Court will always be the number one super force in the world!"</p> 
<p>"I understand." Fairy Zi Wei sighed deeply, watching as Duke Long took his leave.</p> 
<p>Western Desert.</p> 
<p>Inside the self cleansing immortal Gu formation, Fang Yuan was concentrating in the sovereign immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>Inside the immortal aperture, there was also an active immortal Gu formation.</p> 
<p>Compared to the self cleansing formation, this immortal formation was far smaller, but it still had two core Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>One was a wisdom path Immortal Gu from Purple Mountain True Monarch's inheritance, the other was bloodline Immortal Gu from Wu clan.</p> 
<p>Along with thousands of mortal Gu, an immortal Gu formation was formed — Blood Red Immortal Essence Formation.</p> 
<p>Large numbers of immortal essence stones were sent into the immortal formation and turned into red date immortal essence beads rapidly.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was replenishing his immortal essence storage.</p> 
<p>In the earlier battle, even though he forced Feng Jiu Ge to retreat, he had expended a lot of immortal essence. His biggest expenditure came from reverse flow protection seal, followed by myriad dragon. The new myriad self killer move also had higher expenditure than before, because he was using self love Immortal Gu and Affection, these two Immortal Gu, to produce self wills.</p> 
<p>This was not a disadvantage. Stronger immortal killer moves used more immortal essence, it was common sense.</p> 
<p>But this was Fang Yuan's weakness.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had become a rank seven only recently, he did not have much accumulation, because of worries about the immortal aperture's calamities and tribulations, his immortal aperture's rate of time had also slowed to its limit.</p> 
<p>Blood red immortal essence formation was very efficient, soon, Fang Yuan used up all of the immortal essence stones he obtained from Wu clan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan also sent the immortal essence stones he obtained from Lang Ya Sect into the blood red immortal essence formation.</p> 
<p>His red date immortal essence storage gradually rose again.</p> 
<p>"My battle strength rose, I am on par with Feng Jiu Ge now."</p> 
<p>"The only flaw is that myriad self needs prior preparation, if I am caught in a surprise battle, it would be a problem."</p> 
<p>Against Feng Jiu Ge, Fang Yuan could take a risk and activate myriad self in battle. But against rank eight Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan would need to use reverse flow protection seal immediately.</p> 
<p>That way, if he activated reverse flow protection seal without myriad self's help, he could not use other killer moves anymore. He would only be able to take a beating passively.</p> 
<p>"When the investigative killer move is completely removed, I should head to the tributary of the River of Time and obtain Red Lotus' true inheritance. Even though Spectral Soul Demon Venerable took that true inheritance, the true meaning of Red Lotus in it is endless, if I can obtain it, I will raise my time path attainment level to at least grandmaster level!"</p> 
<p>In Shadow Sect's information, Western Desert had two tributaries of the River of Time in their control.</p> 
<p>But earlier, Fang Yuan already used up one to set a trap for Heavenly Court. Only one was left now.</p> 
<p>And this tributary of the River of Time was Fang Yuan's target now.</p> 
<p>Right now, Central Continent was somewhere Fang Yuan could not enter. As for Southern Border, he was currently pursued by Wu clan and others. In Northern Plains, Longevity Heaven and the Huang Jin tribes would attack him.</p> 
<p>Only in Western Desert and Eastern Sea did Fang Yuan have less pressure moving about.</p> 
<p>Of course, he could go to Eastern Sea, but to get there, he would need to get past either Central Continent, Northern Plains, or Southern Border.</p> 
<p>Eastern Sea had tributaries of the River of Time, but compared to going there, Fang Yuan might as well try to use the one in Western Desert instead.</p>
    </body>
</html>
