<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1861: Fang Gong Lifts His Suspicions</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1861: Fang Gong Lifts His Suspicions</h1>
        
        <p>Fang clan headquarters.</p> 
<p>'Fang Di Chang' was resting in bed, his face still somewhat pale.</p> 
<p>A young rank six Gu Immortal was standing by the bed, he was Fang Yun.</p> 
<p>Fang Yun was Fang Di Chang's adopted son, he was young, handsome, and his eyes were bright like stars. Right now, he had a concerned expression as he bowed: "Father, you have suffered such heavy injuries, you need to rest properly. Please tell me what I can do for you."</p> 
<p>Fang Yun was completely unaware that the father in front of him was someone else, a clone of Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>In a way, Fang Yuan could be considered his father's murderer, Fang Yun was treating the enemy as his father.</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang coughed and waved his hand weakly: "Yun Er, don't put on an act. Can father still not understand your nature? Come, sit here, don't be so restrained."</p> 
<p>Fang Yun's expression immediately relaxed as he shrugged his shoulders and raised his eyebrows, sitting by the bedside: "Father, you really gave me a scare. I didn't think you would make such a big move this time, it was truly risky! Such a pity that Senior Suan Bu Jin lost his life."</p> 
<p>Fang Yun had a sad expression.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had once saved Fang Yun's life as Suan Bu Jin. Fang Yun had all along remembered this and had high regard for Suan Bu Jin.</p> 
<p>And this time, Fang Di Chang had not told the truth of the plot to Fang Yun. The people who were in on the plan to get rid of Suan Bu Jin were limited to Fang clan's first supreme elder, second supreme elder, and third supreme elder.</p> 
<p>This plan could not have too many people, especially Fang Yun.</p> 
<p>Suan Bu Jin had much contact with Fang Yun, he was a shrewd wisdom path Gu Immortal and could easily make Fang Yun expose the conspiracy had Fang Yun known the truth.</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang was a wisdom path great grandmaster, he paid attention to every detail.</p> 
<p>In all fairness, had it been any other Gu Immortal, they might have really been done in by Fang Di Chang. Even Fang Yuan, if he didn't have the premonition which made him improve karma divine tree, might have been in some trouble.</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang did not make any slip-ups, he had already overestimated Suan Bu Jin as much as possible. But when he knew Suan Bu Jin's true identity, he immediately realized: he had greatly underestimated Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>In fact, not only Fang Di Chang, even Heavenly Court's wisdom path great expert Fairy Zi Wei was underestimating Fang Yuan. It was such that the whole Gu Immortal world of the five regions was greatly underestimating Fang Yuan — they thought Fang Yuan was still a rank seven.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had long since advanced to rank eight and even used his Qi Sea Ancestor identity to get a portion of Primordial Origin's qi path true inheritance out of Duke Long's hands.</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang was only a rank seven, the Gu formation and the Gu house he was relying on were completely seen through by Fang Yuan. At the same time, Divine Bean Palace also became Fang Yuan's support.</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang had treated Suan Bu Jin as a crocodile and had never imagined there to be a vicious dragon under the crocodile skin.</p> 
<p>Thus, he was crushed. He made such a huge mistake that there was no chance to make a comeback.</p> 
<p>"Yun Er, come, give me your hand." Fang Di Chang said.</p> 
<p>Fang Yun was puzzled, but he did not want to disobey his father's order and obediently stretched his arm.</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang put three Immortal Gu in his hand.</p> 
<p>"Father, what are you doing?" Fang Yun was shocked.</p> 
<p>"I intend to hand over my wisdom path inheritance to you."</p> 
<p>Fang Yun was dazed for a moment before he said: "But father, I cultivate cloud path, not wisdom path. Moreover, didn't you allow me to cultivate cloud path before?"</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang nodded: " I allowed you to cultivate cloud path before because you have a lively nature and did not want to take on responsibilities, which suits cloud path. But cloud path is only a minor path, it can never compare to wisdom path."</p> 
<p>"Most importantly, this event made me question myself. Suan Bu Jin's death is the best reminder to me. I need to look for a wisdom path inheritor for the clan, if something happens to me, there will be someone to replace me."</p> 
<p>"Father, don't talk about such things." Fang Yun quickly replied.</p> 
<p>"Life is uncertain, what accidents cannot happen? Life is full of the unexpected. I am now heavily injured and lying in bed, it was something I had never imagined before. Moreover, you know about our clan's situation. I must prepare for the future of our clan." Fang Di Chang said in a sincere and serious tone.</p> 
<p>Fang Yun nodded and had a rare look of solemnity: "Father, you are right. I will change to cultivating wisdom path."</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang nodded with a smile before shaking his head: "You are my son, as your father, I know you don't suit wisdom path, cloud path is the most suitable for you. I am planning for the clan but won't overlook you. So, father's arrangement is to first hand the wisdom path inheritance to you, but you don't need to change to cultivating wisdom path. You already have cloud path foundation, it will be troublesome and a great loss for you to change now."</p> 
<p>"Currently, you only need to hold onto this wisdom path inheritance. If there is a critical situation in the future requiring you to make the sacrifice, change your cultivation path then. If father passes away someday, select a suitable inheritor to pass on this wisdom path inheritance, understood?"</p> 
<p>"Father, your arrangements are very wise, I understand!" Fang Yun laughed, he immediately relaxed after knowing that he did not have to cultivate wisdom path.</p> 
<p>"Leave, you brat, father needs to rest. Get used to these three wisdom path Immortal Gu first. There is your Senior Suan Bu Jin's distracting thoughts Immortal Gu among them, although he died, I need to pass on his inheritance." Fang Di Chang said while waving his hand.</p> 
<p>"I will take my leave." Fang Yun left quickly and closed the door gently.</p> 
<p>Only Fang Yuan's clone was left in the room.</p> 
<p>He closed his eyes and pondered inwardly with an exhausted look: "My physical body is Fang Di Chang's, so there was no flaw in the blood. Fang Di Chang has not died, so there is no change in life tablet Gu. His soul was personally taken care of by the main body. After splitting the soul, many soul path methods were used and adding on the advantage of the time flow in the sovereign immortal aperture, the soul matches with the body extremely well and there is no flaw."</p> 
<p>"However, just these are still not enough."</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang thought of Fang Gong.</p> 
<p>Although Fang Yuan had not been in much contact with Fang Gong, he understood the latter's nature.</p> 
<p>From the outside, Fang Gong was bold and reckless, he did not bother about little things, but in fact, under his bold appearance, he was highly shrewd and cautious.</p> 
<p>This could be seen from when he schemed against Chen Yi.</p> 
<p>He was a grand rank eight Gu Immortal, but he actually hid his cultivation level and disguised as an ordinary Gu Immortal. When he saw the timing was right, he suddenly erupted with his strength and struck Chen Yi viciously, Chen Yi was caught off-guard and suffered a huge loss.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan knew that to deceive this kind of person, he could not rely on just having 'no flaws that could be found'.</p> 
<p>He needed to put up a performance as well.</p> 
<p>"Oh? Second elder intentionally gave his wisdom path inheritance to Fang Yun?" Fang Gong soon received this news.</p> 
<p>The one who reported the news was his own biological great grandson, an outstanding expert among rank six and Fang clan's possible successor — Fang Leng.</p> 
<p>Fang Leng had a square face and was slightly older than Fang Yun. Fang Yun was very close to Fang Leng, when he obtained Fang Di Chang's inheritance, he did not hide it from this respected senior brother.</p> 
<p>Fang Leng was clearly much more shrewd than Fang Yun, that very night, he reported this news to Fang Gong.</p> 
<p>Fang Gong frowned slightly, not speaking.</p> 
<p>He knew Fang Di Chang's intention.</p> 
<p>Fang clan's external situation was troubling and there was huge pressure on them, but there were also internal struggles inside the clan.</p> 
<p>Places with people have conflicts, even if there were more and more resources, they still needed to consider how to distribute it. The clan's resources were limited, who used them now, who used them later, who could use them better, who used them worse, these were natural conflicts and could never be reconciled.</p> 
<p>The two biggest factions in Fang clan belonged to Fang Gong and Fang Di Chang.</p> 
<p>These two factions cooperated closely but it did not mean there was no strife between them. In fact, these two factions were always contesting with each other, it was just that Fang Gong's faction had third supreme elder Fang Hua Sheng while Fang Di Chang was only a rank seven, they had always firmly grasped the highest authority in the clan.</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang possessed the wisdom path inheritance which had always been the foundation of the second faction.</p> 
<p>Fang Gong's frown was because he had been thinking if he could take the chance to ask for this wisdom path inheritance.</p> 
<p>Look, you almost lost your life this time, the wisdom path inheritance is in your hands, it will be Fang clan's greatest loss if there were to be an accident!</p> 
<p>This was for the sake of the clan, if they pressured him with it, there was indeed a chance to force Fang Di Chang to hand over the inheritance or at least a portion of it.</p> 
<p>There was a difference between the politics of a clan and a sect.</p> 
<p>The clan's politics prioritized family relationship, their inheritances were passed down through bloodline ties. Although Fang Yun was Fang Di Chang's adopted son, the relationship was extremely good. This was because Fang Yun had been personally raised by Fang Di Chang since a young age. Fang Di Chang truly loved this son, if not, he would not have let him cultivate cloud path. He cared about his feelings and future happiness.</p> 
<p>In the future, when Fang Di Chang retires, his second supreme elder position would be taken by Fang Yun according to the custom.</p> 
<p>Fang clan had a lot of Gu Immortals, but this position could only belong to Fang Yun.</p> 
<p>Unless Fang Di Chang raises an inheritor who cultivates wisdom path and is much more outstanding than Fang Yun.</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang's wisdom path inheritance belonged to Fang clan in name, but in fact, it was held by his faction and passed on from generation to generation.</p> 
<p>Fang Yun cultivated cloud path and did not have the qualifications to inherit this wisdom path inheritance, this was the most obvious weakness of Fang Di Chang's faction.</p> 
<p>Fang Gong was just thinking of striking this weakness but had never expected Fang Di Chang to put a stop to his plan before he even started.</p> 
<p>"As expected of a wisdom path great grandmaster." Fang Gong's brows relaxed and a smile appeared on his face as he waved his hand.</p> 
<p>Fang Leng understood: "I will take my leave."</p> 
<p>"We lost our chance this time, so forget it. After all, we are all members of Fang clan, we are on the same side." Fang Gong was not too upset but was somewhat worried.</p> 
<p>After all, Fang Di Chang's scheme succeeded and Suan Bu Jin was sacrificed to refine Divine Bean Palace. With this rank eight Immortal Gu House, the strength of Fang clan's second faction rose greatly, Fang Gong felt a huge pressure because of this.</p> 
<p>As a higher up, he needed to consider a lot of things.</p> 
<p>Fang clan's first supreme elder, who was in control of Fang clan for so many years, not only had to look after his own cultivation and nurture later generations, he also had to lead Fang clan in resisting external enemies and expanding their territories. At the same time, he also needed to pay attention to the internal forces of Fang clan.</p> 
<p>"Second supreme elder took action so quickly, his true intentions can be seen from this. He absolutely cannot be Suan Bu Jin's disguise." Right now, the final trace of doubt had disappeared from Fang Gong's mind.</p>
    </body>
</html>
