<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1752: Killing Immortals, Plundering Loot</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1752: Killing Immortals, Plundering Loot</h1>
        
        <p>Northern Plains.</p> 
<p>Autumn blade plain.</p> 
<p>A Gu Immortal walked barefooted on the grassland.</p> 
<p>He was tall and well-built, and had a bronze luster to his skin. He was wearing an armored vest that revealed his shoulders. His pants were rolled up, revealing his calves.</p> 
<p>Every step he walked, there would be bloody footprints left on the grassland.</p> 
<p>He was Meng Tu.</p> 
<p>Blade path quasi-great grandmaster, rank seven Gu Immortal with peak rank seven battle strength, he was one of the top three experts among Meng tribe's rank seven elites!</p> 
<p>In order to breakthrough in his blade path attainment level, Meng Tu chose to guard autumn blade plain, imitating Ren Zu's actions and almost ignoring the outside world completely.</p> 
<p>He was dead silent as he walked step by step in autumn blade plain, his eyes were shut as he concentrated deeply, trying to comprehend the profundity of blade path.</p> 
<p>Suddenly, he opened his eyes!</p> 
<p>He saw that monsters were emitting shrill shrieks as they attacked him.</p> 
<p>These monsters were horrifying in appearance, they had human shapes but had malevolent and terrifying faces, they had knife-like claws, their eyes were filled with blood, their intense killing intent made Meng Tu's hair stand on end.</p> 
<p>"What in the world is this?!" Meng Tu was shocked and furious.</p> 
<p>After fighting against these monsters, he was shocked to realize that each of them had rank seven battle strength!</p> 
<p>Even with his peak rank seven battle strength, against this unceasing wave of monsters, he had no choice but to retreat.</p> 
<p>But right when he was about to retreat, the monsters attacking him self-detonated.</p> 
<p>This sudden event was out of Meng Tu's expectations, he was truly caught off guard.</p> 
<p>Boom boom boom!</p> 
<p>The monsters continued to self-detonate with great power, Meng Tu retreated while he spat out blood.</p> 
<p>"These monsters are working together in a tight formation, they have great coordination, there must be a Gu Immortal controlling them! I wonder if they are a soul path or enslavement path Gu Immortal?"</p> 
<p>Meng Tu was uncertain and worried, he was about to seek help from his tribe when the world suddenly changed colors.</p> 
<p>By the time Meng Tu reacted, he was already trapped inside an immortal battlefield.</p> 
<p>"This immortal battlefield was set up so quickly?!" Shock flashed across Meng Tu's eyes.</p> 
<p>Until this point, he had not even seen the enemy's face yet.</p> 
<p>"Sir, who are you, why are you being enemies with my Meng tribe?" Meng Tu shouted.</p> 
<p>The mastermind Fang Yuan smiled lightly, he started to prepare Luo Po seal while ignoring him.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not have Wu Yong's concealment method, once he started preparing Luo Po seal, intense winds blew, the overwhelming aura permeated the entire yama battlefield.</p> 
<p>His location was thus exposed.</p> 
<p>Meng Tu's sharp gaze looked over, he saw that Fang Yuan was an ordinary looking Gu Immortal, wearing a gray robe and looking very much like a common passerby.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan's current aura made Meng Tu incredibly astounded.</p> 
<p>In fact, Meng Tu was dazed: "He only has peak rank seven cultivation, how can he use a rank eight killer move?"</p> 
<p>In truth, Luo Po seal was only quasi-rank eight, but it had immense aura. Because Fang Yuan did not have rank eight immortal essence yet, the Luo Po seal he activated now had been modified and weakened a little.</p> 
<p>Meng Tu gritted his teeth, charging at Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Northern Plains Gu Immortals were this courageous after all!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan smiled lightly, he was relaxed and calm, as if Meng Tu did not exist.</p> 
<p>A large number of human-shaped yama children appeared and blocked Meng Tu with their lives.</p> 
<p>The number of yama children sent Meng Tu into despair!</p> 
<p>Once Fang Yuan's Luo Po seal was ready, he attacked from afar.</p> 
<p>Due to the yama children's obstruction, Meng Tu could not dodge anywhere, he was hit by Luo Po seal.</p> 
<p>Instantly, he expression turned pale and ghastly.</p> 
<p>He was dead.</p> 
<p>His soul dissipated completely, not a trace was left.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan started collecting his loot.</p> 
<p>Meng Tu's body was intact, his immortal aperture was also left behind, there were many cultivation resources and three Immortal Gu inside.</p> 
<p>In the previous life, Meng Tu self-detonated, Fang Yuan only obtained bladewing Immortal Gu, his gains were much higher now.</p> 
<p>After dispelling yama battlefield, Fang Yuan looted the whole of autumn blade plain.</p> 
<p>The drinking blade wine that was buried underground was his main goal, Fang Yuan also collected it.</p> 
<p>Other than that, there was a vast number of mortal edge Gu.</p> 
<p>Forget about immortal level edge Gu, it was in the hands of Southern Border Gu Immortal Tie Qu Zhong.</p> 
<p>"Meng Tu self-detonated in my previous life, it was out of my expectations, his blade path dao marks were left in this autumn blade plain, making the potential of this place extraordinary."</p> 
<p>"But in this life, Meng Tu was killed by me before he even thought of self-detonating. Now that I plundered everything here, this autumn blade plain is as good as history."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan took nearly everything, he swept through the area with a cold gaze before he turned around and left.</p> 
<p>He did not return to Lang Ya blessed land, because he still had immortal materials to collect.</p> 
<p>There were four main immortal materials for refining myriad self Immortal Gu, they were drinking blade wine, edge Gu, front-back divine obstruction needle, and floating life fire.</p> 
<p>He had the first two now, only the latter two were left.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan came to Divine Needle Valley.</p> 
<p>This was an artificial valley that rank seven Gu Immortal Sleeping Lady purposely created for the divine hedgehog.</p> 
<p>Sleeping Lady was a rank seven Northern Plains lone immortal who did not have outstanding battle strength, but she controlled an immemorial desolate beast divine hedgehog that was a sword path immemorial desolate beast.</p> 
<p>The divine hedgehog had an ability to shoot out all the spines on its body, which was extremely fast and had terrifying power that could slaughter anyone it hit.</p> 
<p>If Sleeping Lady and the divine hedgehog cooperated well, there was a chance of killing Meng Tu.</p> 
<p>Precisely so, in the previous life, Meng Zi Zai and Meng Zhao from Meng tribe investigated Meng Tu's death and had actually suspected Sleeping Lady.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan came to Divine Needle Valley but did not enter, he used the same trick as earlier, sending the yama children to attack.</p> 
<p>Soon, Sleeping Lady's shocked screams could be heard in the valley: "Such guts! You dare to attack my Divine Needle Valley!"</p> 
<p>The yama children exploded one by one as Sleeping Lady fled, cutting a sorry figure.</p> 
<p>"Want to join up with the divine hedgehog?" Fang Yuan sneered, he used the remaining force of the yama children's self-detonation to rapidly form yama battlefield, trapping Sleeping Lady inside.</p> 
<p>Sleeping Lady had almost the same reaction as Meng Tu: "What immortal battlefield is this? It is so fast!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan slowly showed up: "Of course it is. But compared to rumor cage, this is still too slow."</p> 
<p>Sleeping Lady looked at Fang Yuan with a wary expression: "Sir, who might you be? Do we have any grudges between us? Please let me off, we can negotiate if you need anything."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan smiled lightly: "I want your life."</p> 
<p>Sleeping Lady's expression turned pale.</p> 
<p>The yama children attacked together, Sleeping Lady held on desperately in this situation as she screamed: "Spare me, I will do anything you want! Wait, I will teach you the method to control the divine hedgehog, how about that? I will use this in exchange for my life!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan looked at her plainly: "Stop acting, how can someone who was able to survive between Murong tribe and Meng tribe be such a coward?"</p> 
<p>Seeing that Fang Yuan exposed her, Sleeping Lady roared as she displayed her true battle strength.</p> 
<p>Her strength was not low, it was quite different from the outside world's evaluation, she managed to fight a way out of the yama children's encirclement.</p> 
<p>But so what?</p> 
<p>She could not break out of the yama battlefield, she was still a fish caught in the net.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan started to prepare Luo Po seal.</p> 
<p>Sleeping Lady rushed towards him and attempted to stop Fang Yuan from using his move.</p> 
<p>But her strength was much lower than Meng Tu, if he could not stop Fang Yuan, how could she?</p> 
<p>Sleeping Lady smiled bitterly: "I am just a lone immortal who does not offend anyone, I usually stay home and rarely go out, I just wanted to develop my small business here. To think that trouble would come to me even when I am home. You devil, one day, you will face your retribution! All your evil acts will be repaid to you a hundredfold! You will end up like me!"</p> 
<p>She cursed Fang Yuan loudly, venting the anger and fear in her heart.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's voice was icy cold: "It seems that you do not know your sin yet."</p> 
<p>Sleeping Lady stared with wide eyes: "What sin do I have?"</p> 
<p>She was extremely angry, not only was Fang Yuan trying to kill her, he was also slandering her.</p> 
<p>Sleeping Lady smiled coldly: "You are a demonic path Gu Immortal but you are trying to slander your enemies like a righteous path hypocrite? Hmph, simply ridiculous! You do not even deserve a bit of respect from me."</p> 
<p>"You want to know your sin? Your weakness is a sin!" Saying this, Fang Yuan shot out Luo Po seal.</p> 
<p>As expected, Sleeping Lady was hit by this move as her defenses broke like thin paper, she died on the spot.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan kept her corpse and immortal aperture, the only downside was that Sleeping Lady had self-detonated all of her Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan dispelled yama battlefield, he disguised himself as Sleeping Lady as he stored all of the front-back divine obstruction needles from the divine hedgehog.</p> 
<p>The divine hedgehog's battle strength fell to rock bottom, Fang Yuan directly suppressed it and sent it into his immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>As for this Divine Needle Valley, Fang Yuan did not let it off.</p> 
<p>He used pulling mountain Immortal Gu to directly take it away, stuffing it into his immortal aperture, nothing was left behind!</p>
    </body>
</html>
