<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1908: Black Fire</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1908: Black Fire</h1>
        
        <p>Non-conflicting dao marks!</p> 
<p>The sovereign immortal body's greatest advantage was also its greatest weakness, at this moment, it was fully exposed.</p> 
<p>All along, Fang Yuan had been consciously avoiding this flaw, but Shen Shang's killer move was too peculiar, it could not be guarded against.</p> 
<p>Who could have thought that night song killer move was just a trap?</p> 
<p>Shen Shang was chased by Myriad Year Flying Warship, it was a normal thing to use this killer move to conceal his own traces.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan did not use an investigative method, Shen Shang would hide within the darkness, he would not be able to do anything.</p> 
<p>The human path dao marks on Fang Yuan's injuries grew rapidly!</p> 
<p>The light injuries on Shen Shang's body also affected Fang Yuan due to the killer move mutual injuries.</p> 
<p>And in Fang Yuan's case, because of non-conflicting dao marks, his light injuries became heavy injuries.</p> 
<p>But thankfully, all sorts of healing killer moves had their full effect when used on Fang Yuan as well.</p> 
<p>Thus, as he used a powerful healing method on himself, Fang Yuan instantly recovered.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Heavy Injuries!</p> 
<p>Shen Shang snickered as he started to hurt himself, with greater intensity than before.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's body shook intensely, his vision turned dark as his seven orifices started to bleed.</p> 
<p>"No! In terms of healing methods, I cannot compare to Shen Shang, I need to find another way." Fang Yuan understood as determination flashed in his eyes.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Heavy Injuries!</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Heavy Injuries!</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Heavy Injuries!</p> 
<p>Shen Shang continued to injury himself as he turned crazy, he laughed loudly as blood spewed out of his mouth.</p> 
<p>He heavily injured himself but rapidly healed as well, continuing the cycle.</p> 
<p>This was such a strange fighting style, it made all the Gu Immortals dumbfounded.</p> 
<p>Miao Ming Shen and the rest had nervous expressions, they were very worried.</p> 
<p>Shen clan's Gu Immortals were very excited.</p> 
<p>Even though they could not see Fang Yuan's condition, his flying swords had disintegrated while Myriad Year Flying Warship continued to back off.</p> 
<p>"Ancestor Shen Shang actually forced back Fang Yuan! Impressive." Shen Cong Sheng was very excited, he could also see the rise of Shen clan.</p> 
<p>Miao Ming Shen's eyes shined with bright light as he thought to himself: "Not good, even though Fang Yuan has Myriad Year Flying Warship, Shen Shang's offensive methods bypass this Immortal Gu House, it counters Fang Yuan. He is just a rank seven after all while Shen Shang is a genuine rank eight Gu Immortal."</p> 
<p>Gui Qi Ye and Tu Tou Tuo were very confused: "This Shen Shang was suppressed by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable back then, it is not normal that he could live for so long."</p> 
<p>"And the strange thing is, he does not lack Immortal Gu! When Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable suppressed him, didn't he take away or destroy his Immortal Gu first?"</p> 
<p>"Ugh!" Right at this moment, Shen Shang's wild laughter came to an abrupt stop.</p> 
<p>Surprise and confusion appeared on his face.</p> 
<p>His connection to Fang Yuan was weakening rapidly.</p> 
<p>How did Fang Yuan do it?</p> 
<p>How could he break and get around this method so quickly?!</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Self Cleansing!</p> 
<p>Self cleansing could eliminate harmful dao marks on the user's body, Fang Yuan used this killer move to quickly get rid of the human path dao marks on his body.</p> 
<p>The blood red light in Shen Shang's eyes flickered, he started to mutilate himself even more intensely, causing the human path dao marks on Fang Yuan's body to grow rapidly.</p> 
<p>As long as a single human path dao mark remained on Fang Yuan's body, he could use this connection to attack Fang Yuan while bypassing Myriad Year Flying Warship.</p> 
<p>But right now, Fang Yuan had already stabilized the situation.</p> 
<p>Myriad Year Flying Warship gradually flew closer as Fang Yuan's voice resounded from within: "It is my turn now, Shen Shang."</p> 
<p>Twelve Zodiac ancient battle formation!</p> 
<p>Bam.</p> 
<p>With a loud sound, the huge grey stone giant appeared again.</p> 
<p>The giant moved extremely quickly, its two hands grabbed towards Shen Shang as they spread open.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang squinted and snorted coldly, he quickly retreated, attempting to pull some distance from the giant.</p> 
<p>Under Fang Yuan's manipulation, the grey stone giant only attempted to capture Shen Shang, it did not attack fiercely.</p> 
<p>The grey stone giant had very powerful offensive methods, even though this was not the River of Time, it still had peak rank eight strength.</p> 
<p>But he was currently using capture as the objective instead of hurting Shen Shang, Shen Shang had no choice but to dodge.</p> 
<p>The battle went into a deadlock.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang dodged the Twelve Zodiac battle formation while using killer moves to mutilate himself.</p> 
<p>Meanwhile, Fang Yuan manipulated Myriad Year Flying Warship as he healed himself, using self cleansing to get rid of harmful human path dao marks.</p> 
<p>Myriad Year Flying Warship and the grey stone giant worked together, chasing after Shen Shang and obstructing him.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang was already having some trouble dodging Myriad Year Flying Warship, with the addition of the grey stone giant, he fell into a disadvantage.</p> 
<p>Every time he was about to get caught, Shen Shang would emit a loud scream that caused sound waves to burst out, opening a path for him.</p> 
<p>Both sides continued to fight, rampaging in the battlefield, it implicated Miao Ming Shen's group, as well as the Shen clan immortals.</p> 
<p>Hua Die and Feng Jiang were first to give up, they were transported away from the battlefield.</p> 
<p>Followed by Tong Hua, Tu Tou Tuo, Gui Qi Ye and the rest.</p> 
<p>After that were Shen clan's immortals, Miao Ming Shen, and Ren Xiu Ping.</p> 
<p>Eventually, only Shen Cong Sheng was left in the battlefield, not everyone was qualified to watch a battle between rank eights after all.</p> 
<p>Shen Cong Sheng's expression became increasingly dark.</p> 
<p>The battle was tilting in Fang Yuan's favor, Shen Shang was getting into a difficult spot while Fang Yuan was having an easier time now.</p> 
<p>"This lad has deep wisdom path attainment, he has countless thoughts in his mind, he can multitask easily. In this aspect, I am at the losing end." Shen Shang gritted his teeth, at this point in the battle, he felt like he had fallen into a swamp, the more he struggled, the deeper he sank.</p> 
<p>The battle had already left his control!</p> 
<p>Suddenly, Fang Yuan walked out of the cabin, arriving at the bow of the ship.</p> 
<p>He pointed at Shen Shang as a time path killer move was unleashed.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang was caught off guard, he could not dodge, after getting hit by this move, his movement slowed, the rate of time on him had been halved.</p> 
<p>The grey stone giant used this chance to grab Shen Shang, it squeezed.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang laughed loudly, his hair was messy and his eyes were bloodshot, he had no fear: "Go ahead and kill me!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan snorted, he ordered the grey stone giant, it gripped to form a cage of ten fingers, imprisoning Shen Shang and preventing him from moving.</p> 
<p>After understanding Shen Shang's offensive methods, Fang Yuan easily countered it. As long as he was captured and not killed, he could not do anything to harm Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang struggled, he screamed wildly but could not escape.</p> 
<p>Shen Cong Sheng saw that the situation was bad, he wanted to help but was quickly faced with backlash, he could not get away from Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable's restrictions.</p> 
<p>"I finally succeeded." Fang Yuan let out a breath of air.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang lived up to his reputation, this person who was suppressed by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable personally really had some skills.</p> 
<p>His methods were peculiar and strange, they were hard to guard against, Fang Yuan had fallen for them earlier.</p> 
<p>Of course, Fang Yuan still controlled the situation without wasting many of his hidden trump cards.</p> 
<p>In the worst case, Fang Yuan could return to the starting island, with this assurance, he could not lose to begin with.</p> 
<p>"Ahhhh...." Shen Shang shouted loudly, his face was distorted.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's brows slowly started to furrow.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang's current situation was quite strange, he constantly laughed and struggled madly without using any immortal killer moves.</p> 
<p>At the next moment, his bloodshot eyes turned pitch black, the black color spread until it filled his eyes.</p> 
<p>With a light sound, a lump of black fire started to burn on his body.</p> 
<p>Within the fire, Shen Shang's body shook like he was having a spasm, he drooled uncontrollably as he waved his limbs around, he growled like a wild beast that was out of control.</p> 
<p>The black fire on Shen Shang's body was not eye-catching, but once it spread to the grey stone giant's hands, the giant screamed in pain as it got burned by the fire.</p> 
<p>After both hands got into contact with the black fire, they started to melt, completely defenseless against this strange black fire.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's gaze turned colder, the peculiarity and strength of this black fire was far beyond his imagination.</p> 
<p>Seeing that the situation was bad, Fang Yuan quickly deactivated the ancient battle formation.</p> 
<p>At the next moment, the grey stone giant vanished while twelve immemorial year beasts appeared in the sky.</p> 
<p>Among them, two immemorial year beasts contacted the black fire and lost their reasoning, they rolled around in the sky, growling in pain as they struggled intensely.</p> 
<p>Thankfully, the other ten immemorial year beasts acted like this was their biggest threat, after regaining freedom, they quickly fled from the black fire as far as they could.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and Shen Cong Sheng frowned deeply with solemn expressions.</p> 
<p>This black fire was too strange, the two of them could not tell what path this black fire belonged to!</p> 
<p>At the same time, they felt an extreme feeling of threat, their skulls felt numb as they sensed this danger.</p> 
<p>The black fire was like the enemy of all lifeforms!</p> 
<p>The two immemorial year beasts were already covered in the fire, they growled as they fell to the ground.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had a strong premonition, if these two immemorial year beasts fell into the seawater, the black fire would cause an even greater tragedy.</p> 
<p>But he did not do anything, he went into Myriad Year Flying Warship and retreated.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang who had lost the restriction of the grey stone giant floated in the air and laughed wildly like a lunatic.</p> 
<p>Shen Cong Sheng called him several times but it went unheard. Seeing this strange situation, Shen Cong Sheng also wisely chose to retreat.</p> 
<p>Right when those two immemorial year beasts were about to enter the water, a golden-white pillar of light shot out from the underwater formation, pushing these two immemorial year beasts up into the sky.</p> 
<p>The underwater formation that had only forty percent left burst out with unprecedented power as it operated at full force!</p> 
<p>The golden-white light expanded as it covered Shen Shang as well.</p> 
<p>The black fire continued to burn Shen Shang and the two immemorial year beasts but the white-gold light pillar immobilized them on the spot.</p> 
<p>Such a change caused Shen Cong Sheng to be stunned.</p> 
<p>Suddenly, Fang Yuan made his move, daybreak flying swords flew out and pierced the white-gold light pillar, stabbing into Shen Shang.</p> 
<p>"Stop it!" Watching that his ancestor was attacked by Fang Yuan, Shen Cong Sheng shouted anxiously.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan smiled coldly as he activated his flying swords with even greater intensity.</p> 
<p>This odd black fire was very harmful, seeing that the underwater formation had taken action to stop it from even entering the sea, it was obvious.</p> 
<p>Shen Cong Sheng could only watch helplessly.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan willed again as his flying swords split into two groups, the other group went to attack his immemorial year beasts.</p> 
<p>Due to the attack of the daybreak flying swords, the black fire still burned but it had weakened by a very slight amount.</p> 
<p>Daybreak sword was a rank eight killer move, yet it nearly had no effect!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan continued to attack, but the black fire suddenly changed, transforming into lumps of silver-white mist.</p>
    </body>
</html>
