<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1104: Treasure Yellow Heaven Opens!</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1104: Treasure Yellow Heaven Opens!</h1>
        
        <p>Shadow Sect's remnant forces were truly not simple!</p> 
<p>Right before Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, there were over a dozen Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>But looking at these Immortal Gu, the joy on their faces faded gradually.</p> 
<p>"I have the Great Strength True Martial Physique, but there are no strength path Immortal Gu among these Immortal Gu..." Hei Lou Lan shook her head, she said with a regretful tone.</p> 
<p>"Sigh! Fang Yuan, you know that I cultivate time path, if I use these Immortal Gu..." Tai Bai Yun Sheng was in the same state, there were no time path Immortal Gu among these Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Most of the Immortal Gu were soul path.</p> 
<p>Shi Nu was silent, he was an earth path Gu Immortal, there were two Immortal Gu here which were earth path, but his original Immortal Gu were still around anyway.</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie nodded, the smile on his face did not fade.</p> 
<p>He knew that these were Immortal Gu that were destroyed during the battle of Yi Tian Mountain. These last days, the Immortal Gu House Regret Pool had activated, using the insignias left behind and the tributary of the River of Time to refine these Immortal Gu again.</p> 
<p>Thus, most of them were soul path, there were time path ones, but the refinement had failed.</p> 
<p>As for strength path Immortal Gu, there were none.</p> 
<p>That Great Strength True Martial Physique immortal zombie, Da Li, was a rare cultivator of both wisdom and strength path, but when he refined strength path Immortal Gu, Shadow Sect had not yet built Regret Pool, he did not leave behind any insignia to refine Gu.</p> 
<p>"No problem. You are all worried about conflicting dao marks, I have a special method to allow you to cultivate another path, without having it clash with your original main path."</p> 
<p>"There is such a thing?" Tai Bai Yun Sheng stared with wide eyes that were almost popping out.</p> 
<p>Shi Nu's emotionless face had also changed. This method was simply unheard of!</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan squinted her eyes, she was suspicious that Ying Wu Xie was trying to increase his control over them, she felt that this was a scheme.</p> 
<p>She spoke: "How can there be something as good as this? There has to be a downside, with such a special method, the drawback has to be severe?"</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie smiled: "I can assure you, there are no side effects."</p> 
<p>He looked at Hei Lou Lan deeply, his gaze becoming darker.</p> 
<p>He had thought of Fang Yuan, feeling some gloominess.</p> 
<p>Compared to sovereign immortal fetus Gu, what was so surprising about having two non-conflicting paths? Shadow Sect had researched and created sovereign immortal fetus Gu, it could allow dao marks of all paths to coexist without any conflict between them.</p> 
<p>Inside the door of life and death, Spectral Soul had devoured the souls of countless Gu Immortals, obtaining an immense amount of cultivation experiences.</p> 
<p>Using a hundred thousand years to prepare, he had raised a multitude of paths to great grandmaster.</p> 
<p>Shadow Sect had the method to cultivate two paths since long ago, it was their initial version. At its final state, it was sovereign immortal fetus Gu!</p> 
<p>To refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, Shadow Sect spent a hundred thousand years, using up the whole of the foundation of Shadow Sect and Zombie Alliance, they even had to involve Spectral Soul's main body to succeed.</p> 
<p>But even the best laid plans could go awry. Even though sovereign immortal fetus Gu was refined, at the final moment, Fang Yuan took the fruits of their labor.</p> 
<p>Sovereign immortal fetus Gu was a one time consumable Gu, Fang Yuan had already used it, there was no sovereign immortal fetus Gu left in this world, it could theoretically be refined again.</p> 
<p>However, the cost and risk to refine a second one was too high. Even Ying Wu Xie did not have any confidence in it. Thus, sovereign immortal fetus Gu was essentially never going to appear again.</p> 
<p>"Unless I can capture Fang Yuan and use him as the main immortal material to reverse refine it!"</p> 
<p>"However, now is not the time to deal with him."</p> 
<p>"I need to increase my strength, I need to gather the remnant forces in Eastern Sea and save my main body first!"</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie sighed internally, Shadow Sect and Fang Yuan had a score to settle, but he had his priorities. Now was not the time to fight against Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Time passed quickly.</p> 
<p>Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land.</p> 
<p>Since Fang Yuan's second earthly calamity, more than a month had passed.</p> 
<p>Treasure yellow heaven had still not opened, there were no changes.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's plan of managing his immortal aperture was greatly affected, left with no choice, he could only try to cultivate while deducing, placing his focus on the chaotic scene in Northern Plains, he obtained information about the situation regarding the Hei Fan true inheritance.</p> 
<p>The earthly calamity occurred every two months. More than a month had passed already, in less than a month, Fang Yuan would face the third earthly calamity.</p> 
<p>Time in this world passed unceasingly.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan could sense the third calamity already.</p> 
<p>What made Fang Yuan worried was: The third earthly calamity would be more dangerous than the second. And at the moment, his strength was not much higher than during the second earthly calamity.</p> 
<p>"If I can obtain the Hei Fan true inheritance, I can likely make use of the Immortal Gu to slow the rate of time in the immortal aperture. This way, not just the third earthly calamity, even against future calamities and tribulations, I would have a great advantage."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan obtained a lot of intel from Hei Cheng.</p> 
<p>The Hei Fan true inheritance was very impressive, it came from the rank eight time path great expert, Hei Fan. If he could obtain this true inheritance, he would be able to enter Hei Fan grotto-heaven, not only could he become the grotto-heaven's owner, he could even obtain the time path Immortal Gu inside!</p> 
<p>Many Gu Immortal true inheritances only had Immortal Gu recipes and immortal killer moves, they lacked Immortal Gu. This was because the feeding of Immortal Gu was very difficult, it was hard for them to live for long, and to be inherited by successors.</p> 
<p>But Hei Fan true inheritance was different!</p> 
<p>Because the Immortal Gu that Hei Fan left behind were still in his immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>For ideal management of a Gu Immortal's immortal aperture, the first requirement would be that the immortal aperture satisfies the feeding requirements of their Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Gu Immortals like Hei Fan were like the rank eight Gu Immortal Yao Huang in the current Northern Plains, the management of his immortal aperture was definitely ideal.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan could obtain the Hei Fan true inheritance, his capabilities would rise drastically. Once he slows down the rate of time in the immortal aperture, the dangerous situation would be lifted temporarily, or even settled completely. He would not be in this current situation, like he was walking on a tightrope, if he was careless, he would end up dead.</p> 
<p>These last days, due to Lang Ya Sect, Fang Yuan gained a lot of intelligence regarding the chaos in Northern Plains.</p> 
<p>That was not to say that Lang Ya Sect was skilled at gathering intelligence. It was the opposite, because of the hairy man Gu Immortals' identities, they could not obtain information easily, far inferior to the former Fairy Li Shan.</p> 
<p>The crucial reason was, Northern Plains' chaos was too big, the entire Northern Plains Gu Immortal world was involved. Their conflict could be kept from mortals, but to Gu Immortals, nothing could be concealed at all!</p> 
<p>A lot of intelligence did not need to be looked into to be found, they were available openly.</p> 
<p>Even though Fang Yuan was in Lang Ya blessed land, he was very closely watching this situation.</p> 
<p>Hei tribe was bearing too big of a blame, they were in a moment of crisis, at the risk of facing extermination.</p> 
<p>Righteous path, demonic path, and lone immortals, all three factions were like hungry wolves coming at them.</p> 
<p>Looking at Northern Plains' map, Hei tribe was at the southeast area of Northern Plains, they had a huge territory and controlled many resources.</p> 
<p>These resources attracted the greed of countless jackals.</p> 
<p>Initially, these wolves could still be restrained, but with immense benefits attracting them, demonic path Gu Immortals started to fight.</p> 
<p>The conflict between righteous and demonic continued to intensify.</p> 
<p>A notable event was the battle between Guan Shen Zhao and the Traveling Two Elites. Guan Shen Zhao was outnumbered, the two demonic path Gu Immortals managed to snatch the golden wheat field.</p> 
<p>Thereafter, large numbers of Gu Immortals joined in. With demonic path Gu Immortals like the Traveling Three Elites, Old Lu, Half Moon Brutemaster, and Zhuo Zhan, they competed over the resources of Hei tribe.</p> 
<p>The scene was chaotic, the righteous path were caught off guard by them.</p> 
<p>Gushing Spring Forest was faced with a destructive plunder under such a situation, Hei tribe's hundreds of years of management had gone to waste.</p> 
<p>The righteous path Gu Immortals became increasingly alert, they started to coordinate.</p> 
<p>Even with competing for the fragment world of immemorial red heaven, it was such an important resource, yet they still restrained themselves and did not go all out.</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortal world had always been led by the righteous path.</p> 
<p>Particularly Northern Plains' righteous path, they were all part of the Huang Jin family, they had the same origin.</p> 
<p>The demonic path Gu Immortals lost their momentum, but soon, as more than half of the resources were split among them, Unfettered Scholar and Pi Shui Han, these rank seven Gu Immortals started appearing, causing another wave of chaos.</p> 
<p>For the first time, the demonic path was pushing back the righteous path.</p> 
<p>At the start, Hei tribe's Gu Immortals were still defending their territories, but after experiencing some hardship, they gathered their remaining Gu Immortal battle strength and hid inside their headquarters, refusing to come out.</p> 
<p>This undoubtedly gave rise to the arrogance of the demonic path Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Besides that, there were other reasons.</p> 
<p>Like earlier, Old Ancestor Xue Hu had defeated Yao Huang and Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, as a member of the demonic path, he became the top expert in Northern Plains.</p> 
<p>And most importantly, the collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building caused Immortal Gu to fly around randomly, large numbers of demonic path and lone cultivator Gu Immortals benefited. Afterwards, Qin Bai Sheng held an auction, many Gu Immortals obtained Immortal Gu that were compatible to them, their battle strength rose drastically.</p> 
<p>This caused the powers of the whole of the demonic path and lone cultivator forces to rise, they were able to contend with the righteous path now.</p> 
<p>"I destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and Imperial Court blessed land, in just a few years, this influence spread throughout Northern Plains. The current Northern Plains is already drastically different from the five hundred years of my previous life!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan sighed internally.</p> 
<p>The situation in Northern Plains had completely changed because of him.</p> 
<p>The other regions were still fine. But in Northern Plains, Fang Yuan had lost most of his rebirth advantage.</p> 
<p>Of course, ever since he knew about heaven's will, he had become quite suspicious regarding his so-called rebirth advantage.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan waited patiently.</p> 
<p>Many resources in Hei tribe enticed him. But he did not take action. The most important resource in Hei tribe was the Hei Fan true inheritance. Fang Yuan could see this clearly.</p> 
<p>Some days later.</p> 
<p>Eventually, Fang Yuan obtained information that Northern Plains Gu Immortals were attacking Hei tribe's headquarters.</p> 
<p>"The Hei Fan true inheritance is hidden in Hei tribe's headquarters, it is time to act!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan immediately left, he was very resolute, using the transportation formation to leave Lang Ya blessed land.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit supported his actions.</p> 
<p>Because this was a good chance to observe Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world, and become aware of all the respective forces' strengths, if they were lucky, they could obtain a lot of benefits!</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit did not dare to send Lang Ya Sect's hairy man Gu Immortals over, but Fang Yuan was a human and he was very crafty, a very suitable person to go.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did the same thing again, the moment he appeared in Northern Plains, he used Dark Limit, familiar face, and other methods to conceal his identity.</p> 
<p>At the same time, he used sword escape Immortal Gu and blood torrent to travel rapidly.</p> 
<p>He moved very quickly, he encountered no trouble.</p> 
<p>Northern Plains' Gu Immortals were mostly gathered in Hei tribe's headquarters, this allowed Fang Yuan to travel unhindered.</p> 
<p>Not long later, Hei tribe's headquarters was right in front of him.</p> 
<p>"Hei Fan true inheritance, I'm coming..." Fang Yuan thought to himself, but he did not expect that treasure yellow heaven had opened at this very moment!</p> 
<p>It was getting heated.</p> 
<p>Treasure yellow heaven's reopening caused all of the Gu Immortals who were waiting patiently to burst out with enthusiasm.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan stopped moving, he fell into great hesitation on whether he should continue or go back.</p> 
<p>He received a piece of information coming from treasure yellow heaven.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan opened it and looked, it came from Chu Du!</p>
    </body>
</html>
