<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1602: Spring Scissors</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1602: Spring Scissors</h1>
        
        <p>The Southern Border immortals had a surge of morale, while Shadow Sect's members had twitching eyelids, their expressions were dark.</p> 
<p>Lu Wei Yin was indeed Paradise Earth's inheritor, he managed to subdue a fierce immemorial year tiger in one move. Even though he had no attacking methods, this move was unfathomable and made people feel great admiration towards him.</p> 
<p>Hiss hiss hiss…</p> 
<p>An immemorial year snake dragged its thick and long body while hissing as it slithered out of the spiral entrance into the battlefield.</p> 
<p>A third immemorial year beast!</p> 
<p>This time, be it Lu Wei Yin or Xia Cha, their expressions changed.</p> 
<p>Because this immemorial year snake had the aura of wild Immortal Gu in it. This immemorial year snake was much more dangerous than the previous two immemorial year beasts.</p> 
<p>And most importantly, at this rate, a fourth or fifth immemorial year beast might appear without much doubt.</p> 
<p>"What formation is this!" Qiao clan's Gu Immortal shouted, feeling deep pressure.</p> 
<p>The other rank seven Gu Immortals all had heavy hearts, they were no longer as relaxed as before.</p> 
<p>"I'll do it." At the crucial moment, Lu Wei Yin stood out again, facing the immemorial year snake.</p> 
<p>But this time, he was very vigilant, before he probed what the Immortal Gu in the immemorial year snake's body were, he was not going to act rashly.</p> 
<p>"Kill!" Southern Border's Gu Immortals shouted as they emitted strong killing intent.</p> 
<p>The year beasts roared as they bore their fangs and claws.</p> 
<p>The Southern Border Gu Immortals whipped up a bloody storm, countless year beasts died, but without destroying the spiral entrances, year beasts continued to pour into the formation unceasingly.</p> 
<p>The year beasts kept coming, as the battle continued, Southern Border's Gu Immortals felt their conditions slipping as some started to get injured.</p> 
<p>"There are too many year beasts, this formation must have been heavily modified, the year beast numbers far exceed the ones from Feng Jiu Ge's battle." Liu Hao was secretly shocked, he had some deductions from Heavenly Court, but he did not know how to hand them over. After all, he was not a time path or formation path Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>"This damned formation, we must destroy it for a chance of victory!"</p> 
<p>"Actually, as long as we destroy a portion of it, we will be able to send out information and get reinforcements from our righteous path allies."</p> 
<p>The Southern Border immortals knew how to deal with the situation, but they lacked methods to do so. This years flow execution formation was deduced by Fang Yuan after his time path attainment level rose, how could it be broken so easily?</p> 
<p>"This time path formation is truly profound…" Xia Cha frowned, after finding the first formation core, she could not find the second one.</p> 
<p>"The formation is complete and flawless. My formation path attainment is too low, maybe I should go all out and make this formation unable to handle the attack, I can create a flaw myself!" Xia Cha's killing intent surged.</p> 
<p>She was Xia clan's first supreme elder, a time path great expert, she was an extremely proud expert, she was getting impatient after Fang Yuan's scheme trapped her here.</p> 
<p>Lu Wei Yin could sense Xia Cha's intention as he quickly urged: "Don't fall into the demon's trap. Fang Yuan is very devious, even Heavenly Court cannot capture him. Shadow Sect had obtained Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage before, even though it was destroyed, many of the Immortal Gu were left in their hands. If you attack with your full strength, you might fall into Fang Yuan's trap, he would use it against you."</p> 
<p>Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage's signature method was to seal the enemy's attack and send it back at them.</p> 
<p>Lu Wei Yin spoke earnestly and wisely, even Fang Yuan raised his brows. Even though he was not a wisdom path Gu Immortal, his deductions were accurate, this years flow execution formation used almost all of Fang Yuan's time path Immortal Gu, the Immortal Gu in Hei Fan's true inheritance were used as the cores while Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage's Immortal Gu were used the supplement them.</p> 
<p>Xia Cha listened to him and breathed in deeply, she snorted coldly and looked towards the immemorial year rooster in the battlefield.</p> 
<p>The immemorial year rooster was being attacked by a group of Southern Border immortals. They were all rank seven and had powerful killer moves, but against the immemorial year rooster, their attacks were simply like light scratches.</p> 
<p>The immemorial year rooster had rank eight battle strength, it also had a sturdy body and could not be harmed by the Southern Border immortals even if they tried.</p> 
<p>But when Xia Cha's gaze turned to the immemorial year rooster, it felt a strong threat as it raised its head, breaking away from the Southern Border immortals and charging at her.</p> 
<p>"A mere beast." Xia Cha laughed from anger, aura of many Gu worms burst out of her body, forming into an immortal killer move.</p> 
<p>A pair of scissors that was jade green in color and large as an elephant flew towards the immemorial year rooster's neck as it clipped.</p> 
<p>The immemorial year rooster felt no pain, it endured the move that felt like spring, as a warm wind was blowing, the sun was bright, the grass and flowers emitted fragrance that spread to everyone's noses.</p> 
<p>After a momentary daze, the immemorial year rooster's neck had a deep cut as blood spewed out of it like a fountain.</p> 
<p>THe immemorial year rooster shuddered, its vicious nature was triggered as it raised its speed, moving towards Xia Cha.</p> 
<p>Xia Cha did not dodge, right before the immemorial year rooster hit her, she vanished like a bursting bubble.</p> 
<p>Next, the jade green scissors flew towards the immemorial year rooster's head again, clipping at its neck.</p> 
<p>Xia Cha vanished entirely, the immemorial year rooster's attention was lured to the jade green scissors, both sides fought relentlessly.</p> 
<p>"This is Xia Cha's spring scissors, it is truly powerful and extraordinary." Fang Yuan who was hidden watched the battle closely, upon seeing this result, the relevant information appeared in his mind.</p> 
<p>Xia Cha had a set of killer moves, four in total, spring scissors was just one of them. Undeniably, this was a rank eight offensive killer move, it was extremely sharp and even the immemorial year rooster's sturdy body could not protect it from the sharp scissors.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was secretly envious.</p> 
<p>This was something he needed the most now.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul's true inheritance had rank eight time path killer moves too, but Fang Yuan lacked the necessary rank eight Immortal Gu. Even if he modified them and used rank six or seven Immortal Gu as replacement, the power could not reach rank eight.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's sole rank eight time path Immortal Gu, Years Flow Like Water, had several killer moves in Hei Fan true inheritance that used it as the core. For example, year beast summoning, unlucky year and others.</p> 
<p>Rank eight year beast summoning could summon immemorial year beasts to fight for Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>And unlucky year that used Years Flow Like Water as the core could mimic luck path's effect using time path. But both were not attacks like spring scissors, it had an immediate impact in battle.</p> 
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan could only place his attention on time cutting edge.</p> 
<p>Caw caw!</p> 
<p>The immemorial year rooster had no wild Immortal Gu, it could not rival Xia Cha's spring scissors, it was injured all over its body as it cried out in pain.</p> 
<p>Xia Cha had only used one move, but she managed to heavily injure an immemorial year beast, it showed how powerful she was.</p> 
<p>"As expected of the person holding the greatest authority in Xia clan! Such strength is already on the level of Heavenly Court's members." Fang Yuan sighed internally.</p> 
<p>Seeing that the immemorial year rooster was about to die in Xia Cha's hands, the formation activated, the immemorial year rooster vanished on the spot.</p> 
<p>"Submit to me." Behind the scenes, Fang Yuan targeted this weakened immemorial year rooster as he used his overbearing enslavement path method, the immemorial year rooster had no choice but to lower its head, submitting to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan successfully obtained the immemorial year rooster.</p> 
<p>He helped the year beasts to fight the Southern Border pursuers while also using the Southern Border pursuers to weaken the year beasts so he could enslave them.</p> 
<p>This old method had already been used back in Western Desert when Heavenly Court pursued him.</p> 
<p>But repetitive methods were not a problem as long as they worked.</p> 
<p>She was about to kill the immemorial year rooster and obtain all of its rank eight immortal materials that were worth a fortune, but to think that it would vanish on the spot.</p> 
<p>Many of Southern Border's Gu Immortals scolded angrily while Xia Cha's expression turned dark, but she smiled at once: "You finally exposed a flaw, so what if you get a few immemorial year beasts?"</p> 
<p>It turned out that Fang Yuan's formation would not be exposed if he only transported year beasts. But once he moved the immemorial year rooster, the formation would have to be shifted and that would give Xia Cha an opportunity to learn more about it.</p> 
<p>As expected, not long after, she found the second formation core and destroyed it.</p> 
<p>But the Southern Border immortals' cheering did not last long, after the formation core was destroyed, it turned into a spiral entrance that transported more year beasts inside.</p> 
<p>"How can this be?" The Southern Border immortals were stunned.</p>
    </body>
</html>
