<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1575: Fang Yuan&apos;s Actions</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1575: Fang Yuan&apos;s Actions</h1>
        
        <p>Chen Yi displayed his true strength as Heavenly Court obtained the advantage. What worried Fang Yuan more was that they had not gone all out yet.</p> 
<p>Even Chen Yi, who was doing most of the work had not used karma divine tree.</p> 
<p>"Even though Chen Yi is inferior to Purple Mountain True Monarch and Duke Long, he is still a first rate expert among rank eights! Fairy Zi Wei and Thunder Ghost True Monarch are similar, while Feng Jiu Ge cannot be underestimated. I need to act myself!"</p> 
<p>Chen Yi suppressed the immemorial rock dragon and silver giant, Feng Jiu Ge and Fairy Zi Wei were resisting the super immortal formation, Lang Ya Sect only had Fang Yuan left who had rank eight battle strength, if he did not act now, who could save them?</p> 
<p>And the truth was, Lang Ya land spirit had already urged Fang Yuan multiple times.</p> 
<p>Golden light flickered as Fang Yuan appeared in front Fairy Zi Wei.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei had expected this, she waved her hand as a gust of divine purple wind started to blow.</p> 
<p>As the wind blew, it caused ripples on reverse flow protection seal.</p> 
<p>"Oh? This killer move!" Fang Yuan's heart sank.</p> 
<p>This divine purple wind matched the strength of its enemy, it was similar to reverse flow protection seal, it was a defensive retaliation type. Reverse flow protection seal did not have any offensive might, as both moves reflected the damage over and over again to each other, neither sides could do anything to the other, Fang Yuan was pushed out by this wind.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, you finally came out!" A flash of lightning flickered as Thunder Ghost True Monarch Jing Lan teleported and appeared behind Fang Yuan, smiling sinisterly and full of killing intent.</p> 
<p>"Trident lightning dissolution!" Jing Lan shouted as three flashes of lightning appeared from her fingertips.</p> 
<p>The lightning crackled and gathered in the air, forming into a trident made of blue lightning.</p> 
<p>Trident lightning dissolution landed on Fang Yuan's back but was blocked by reverse flow protection seal and reflected back at her.</p> 
<p>Jing Lan laughed loudly as she swallowed this trident lightning dissolution before flying away with eyes crackling with sparks.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's heart sank: "Oh no, this trident lightning dissolution killer move is meant to probe my reverse flow protection seal. Even though Thunder Ghost True Monarch is not a wisdom path Gu Immortal, with Fairy Zi Wei the wisdom path great expert here, they can try to unravel my reverse flow protection seal here!"</p> 
<p>Last time, due to Fang Yuan's trap, Thunder Ghost True Monarch was beaten up and Fairy Zi Wei failed.</p> 
<p>However, the trap that Fang Yuan set up was exposed, it could no longer be used.</p> 
<p>During this period, Fang Yuan had planned and cultivated intensely, making many preparations, Heavenly Court did the same. Not only did they help Thunder Ghost True Monarch to replenish her Immortal Gu, Fairy Zi Wei even used Star Constellation Chessboard to deduce trident lightning dissolution for Thunder Ghost True Monarch, in order to deal with Fang Yuan's reverse flow protection seal!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had a heavy heart but he did not fluster, the truth was, he had expected this.</p> 
<p>He actively attacked and tried to fight with Fairy Zi Wei and Thunder Ghost True Monarch, in order to reduce the pressure on the rest.</p> 
<p>Both sides fought continuously as Cloud Cover Continent's terrain was completely devastated. The sounds of their battle resounded throughout the skies, the countless hairy man mortals and Gu Masters were extremely fearful and in shock.</p> 
<p>After the silver giant destroyed a giant tree divine statue, Chen Yi created another one.</p> 
<p>The immemorial rock dragon was trapped in the immortal binding vines, it had little hope of escaping.</p> 
<p>Even Fang Yuan could not help it. He had tried but the outer layer of the ancient tree prison cage was too thick and did not fear immortal killer moves, it was a pain to get through.</p> 
<p>"This killer move is not immune to all immortal killer moves, we just lack the necessary method. If I had enough time, with my wisdom path methods, I can deduce and unravel this move!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan sighed to himself.</p> 
<p>This was the essence of Genesis Lotus true inheritance's killer moves, it was like reverse flow protection seal which rendered all of Heavenly Court helpless against it.</p> 
<p>Now, Fang Yuan was on the receiving side, against this ancient tree prison cage, he had the same feelings as Fairy Zi Wei who had faced reverse flow protection seal earlier.</p> 
<p>After some fighting, Heavenly Court still had the upper hand, and their advantage was growing.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not deduce Luo Po seal, he did not have an offensive rank eight killer move, he could defend using reverse flow protection seal, but he could not be of any threat to the four immortals.</p> 
<p>Ancient battle formation Heavenly Giant Solor was the same, even though the hairy man Gu Immortals had many methods and deep chemistry, they were not fighting against Feng Jiu Ge this time, but Chen Yi instead.</p> 
<p>Chen Yi had rich methods that were all at rank eight level, no matter how Lang Ya land spirit resisted, he was suppressed by Chen Yi.</p> 
<p>After some more time, Fairy Zi Wei suddenly frowned as she ordered: "Senior Jing Lan, go around and find wisdom Gu."</p> 
<p>"Little thief, I will let you off for now!" Even though Thunder Ghost True Monarch hated Fang Yuan, the bigger picture was more important, she snickered at Fang Yuan before flying away from the battlefield like lightning.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya's side could only watch helplessly as she left.</p> 
<p>The truth was, Heavenly Court's invasion was not just to eliminate Fang Yuan and annex Lang Ya to repair fate Gu, their most important goal was to obtain the wild wisdom Gu.</p> 
<p>This legendary rank nine Immortal Gu had been in Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's hands long ago. Ordinary forces could not make use of it, but Heavenly Court had abundant methods. Forget about the rest, with just this wisdom Gu, Star Constellation Chessboard would become a rank nine Immortal Gu House, its power would rise sharply! Just this advantage was enough for Fairy Zi Wei to come personally.</p> 
<p>Earlier, when Heavenly Court's four immortals arrived, Fairy Zi Wei had already used her investigative killer moves, even though her search range extended throughout Lang Ya blessed land, she could not find wisdom Gu.</p> 
<p>And now, she could only send Thunder Ghost True Monarch.</p> 
<p>Seeing that Thunder Ghost True Monarch had left the battlefield, Lang Ya land spirit screamed in anger while fearing that the mortal hairy men would be targeted, but because he was trapped by Chen Yi, the silver giant was still restricted by the immortal binding vine and could not move, even though many layers were pulled off, it was quite frustrating.</p> 
<p>"They are looking for wisdom Gu!" Fang Yuan's eyes burst out with bright light.</p> 
<p>His wisdom path methods were extraordinary, he had already deduced Heavenly Court's intention.</p> 
<p>It was a pity that Heavenly Court did not know wisdom Gu was already in Fang Yuan's sovereign immortal aperture. Last time, they had failed to take it from Lang Ya blessed land, that was the best opportunity, the difficulty had risen by thousands of times now!</p> 
<p>"In that case…" Bright light flashed in Fang Yuan's eyes, he noticed that this was the best opportunity!</p> 
<p>Immemorial year beast!</p> 
<p>He opened his immortal aperture and let out the monkey immemorial year beast.</p> 
<p>At the same time, he charged forward and used countless immortal killer moves to attack Fairy Zi Wei.</p> 
<p>Among the four Heavenly Court immortals, the biggest threat was not Chen Yi who had Genesis Lotus true inheritance, rank eight expert Thunder Ghost True Monarch Jing Lan who could resist Spectral Soul, or Feng Jiu Ge who had assimilation wind song, it was Fairy Zi Wei.</p> 
<p>The reason was simple, she was a wisdom path great expert!</p> 
<p>Just this point alone made her the leader of this expedition. Given enough time, she could deduce and create countless miracles.</p> 
<p>He had to eliminate this wisdom path Gu Immortal first!</p>
    </body>
</html>
