<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1914: Super Mission</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1914: Super Mission</h1>
        
        <p>In the eyes of super forces, there was no such thing as eternal friend or enemy in the world.</p> 
<p>This is the way of survival of super forces.</p> 
<p>If this was not followed, super forces would not last for a long time. Naturally, Shen clan was not such a force, as it had existed even before the era of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, and had grown and flourished during Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable's time, surviving to this day!</p> 
<p>As an old generation member of Shen Shang, Shen Shang was not opposed to Shen clan and Fang Yuan joining forces, he even felt joyful about it.</p> 
<p>This was because none of the Shen clan members here were a formation path Gu Immortal. If Shen Shang wanted to use a formation to seal himself, he would naturally have to use Fang Yuan's method.</p> 
<p>Hearing Shen Shang's words, Shen Cong Sheng had a weird expression. He had gone to great lengths to save his ancestor, but he did not expect that his ancestor would now instead ask to be sealed by a formation again.</p> 
<p>However, the reason for this was completely understood by Shen Cong Sheng, he was now silent as he looked at Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's face turned a little grim: "Shen Shang, although your clan has joined forces with me, the Immortal Gu from the underwater formation already belongs to me. Now you are asking me to use these Immortal Gu and create an immortal formation to seal you... This is quite hard for me to accept."</p> 
<p>Shen Cong Sheng quickly added: "We can negotiate this Fang Yuan. We can even trade Immortal Gu."</p> 
<p>At this point, seeing that Shen Shang had regained his senses, he did not want to give up.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan shook his head slowly, he had a serious expression: "Shen Cong Sheng, did you forget about the contents of our missions earlier? The mission states that we need to eliminate the demonic immortal within the formation, that is Shen Shang. What does that mean?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan paused before continuing: "It means that the Merit Obelisk does not think that Shen Shang will recover, it has decided that his problem is too severe to treat. Even if I create the formation, it will not help him."</p> 
<p>Shen Cong Sheng's expression changed, he wanted to speak but Shen Shang stopped him.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang smiled towards Fang Yuan: "Fang Yuan, no need to have such concerns. I am not asking you to contribute your Immortal Gu, the Gu worms we will use for the formation are all mine. Look."</p> 
<p>Saying so, he took out an Immortal Gu from his immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>The Immortal Gu was like a silkworm, pale yellow in color, curled up in a ball and not stretched, making it even more exquisite.</p> 
<p>"Shen Cong Sheng may have already explained my situation to you." Shen Shang said to Fang Yuan: "I'm most proficient in healing, and this is the human path Immortal Gu I created back then — Heal Injury. Using this as the core, I later developed a human path killer move called 'saving dead healing injuries', if the difficulty isn't too high, I can even revive a dead person on the spot!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan looked at the Gu worm in front of him, he felt a little amazed.</p> 
<p>This was a pure human path Immortal Gu, the shocking thing was that this was a genuine rank eight Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Rank eight human path Immortal Gu!</p> 
<p>Seeing that the immortals were silent, Shen Shang smiled and said again: "Have you found that human path methods are the most effective in dealing with the black fire?"</p> 
<p>Shen Cong Sheng shook his head: "Not yet, but we know that healing killer moves will take effect if we use them on the black fire. But whether we use offensive or healing killer moves on the black fire, there is no difference."</p> 
<p>Shen Shang nodded: "Watch."</p> 
<p>Saying so, a wave of aura burst out of his body.</p> 
<p>Watching him prepare a killer move, the surrounding Gu Immortals quickly retreated with deep alertness.</p> 
<p>After Shen Shang regained his senses, he had no intention of harming anyone, he slowly stretched out his hand, aiming at the black fire in the distance.</p> 
<p>His palm suddenly burst out with a stream of bright yellow light.</p> 
<p>The light stream surged and spiraled forward, it was not fast, but eventually shot into the black fire.</p> 
<p>The black fire only endured the yellow light for a moment before quickly dissipating.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang stopped his killer move and said to the group of immortals: "As you have just seen, this is my killer move, saving dead healing injuries."</p> 
<p>"It's true that human path killer moves are quite effective against the black fire." Seeing the truth, Fang Yuan immediately nodded his head, acknowledging Shen Shang's statement.</p> 
<p>"They are indeed." Shen Cong Sheng rejoiced: "The previous underwater formation was an earth path immortal formation, it was difficult to resolve the problem on ancestor. But if you use our ancestor's human path Immortal Gu, there will be greater hope."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan, however, did not agree just yet, he gazed at Shen Shang: "You are a human path quasi-supreme grandmaster?"</p> 
<p>Astonishment flashed in Shen Shang's eyes as he nodded: "That is correct. I didn't expect that you are also proficient in human path."</p> 
<p>Different professions were different worlds, this was the same for paths.</p> 
<p>Since Fang Yuan could estimate Shen Shang's human path attainment level, it meant that he also had some level of attainment in it.</p> 
<p>All of the immortals turned their gazes towards Fang Yuan while feeling surprised, they sighed to themselves: This great demon renowned in the world was truly unfathomable!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan asked: "Do you have the formation chart?"</p> 
<p>Shen Shang showed a helpless smile: "I have a formation chart but it is incomplete, I seem to have created it myself, but I can't remember the entire thing."</p> 
<p>"What do you mean?" Shen Cong Sheng tensed up.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang sighed deeply: "I've lost my memory. Every time I fall into madness, a part of the memories I grasp will disappear. This is why I need to solve the problem in me as soon as possible, if it's too late, I'm afraid I won't even know who I am anymore."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan smiled and said: "Shen Shang, you're lucky to have met me."</p> 
<p>Shen Shang nodded his head and agreed: "This is indeed my good luck. It is very difficult to set up human path formation that meets my requirements, there are many conditions to do so. Firstly, you need the human path Immortal Gu, secondly, you need to deduce and modify the formation chart, and finally, you need to set up the formation. Setting up the formation requires formation path attainment, deducing and modifying the formation chart requires wisdom path attainment, and because it is a human path immortal formation, it also requires human path attainment."</p> 
<p>"Any other Gu Immortal who specializes in formation path, even with rank eight cultivation, would not be able to satisfy my requirements. But you, Fang Yuan, meet all three of these conditions. So now, I really have to rely on you. Please do help me out!"</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, whatever reward you need, feel free to ask, my Shen clan will definitely do our best to satisfy you." Shen Cong Sheng made a solemn commitment.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan nodded, as soon as Shen Shang said his request to set up the immortal formation, he realized that this was a good opportunity.</p> 
<p>Not only would he be able to obtain a generous amount of immortal materials from Shen clan by just setting up the formation.</p> 
<p>What he cared more about was Shen clan, Shen Cong Sheng, and Shen Shang.</p> 
<p>By cooperating with Shen clan, he could influence the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal world even more deeply and affect the situation of the entire world.</p> 
<p>Although Fang Yuan's human path attainment level was already grandmaster, he still had no clue on how to deal with those human path killer moves of Heavenly Court. It would be a completely different story if Shen Shang were to deal with them.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court was too powerful and had countless years of accumulation. Fang Yuan was not able to resist them alone, he needed the help of others to work together and fight against this giant.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan pondered for a moment and said his conditions.</p> 
<p>To the surprise of Shen Shang and Shen Cong Sheng, the conditions Fang Yuan proposed were very relaxed and not harsh at all. Fang Yuan did not have much demand for immortal materials, nor did he ask for Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>The only condition that had to be fulfilled was the requirement that Shen Cong Sheng and Shen Shang must take action and become the enemy of Heavenly Court to stop it from repairing fate Gu.</p> 
<p>But in fact, there was no need for Fang Yuan to bring it up, it was already the consensus of all the super forces in the world that they had to prevent the successful restoration of fate Gu!</p> 
<p>Many of the ambitious people in the world were even more worried about fate Gu than Fang Yuan! After all, none of them were otherworldly demons, once Heavenly Court succeeds in their plan, their status and position would be unshakable.</p> 
<p>A few days later, a brand new formation was built at the bottom of the sea.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang entered the formation, with the main formation core controlled by Shen Cong Sheng and assisted by Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>The formation was slowly activated as a stream of profound white light formed chains that tied Shen Shang like a mummy.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang was silent, sitting in a cross-legged position, soon his entire body was enveloped in a layer of pale white light mist.</p> 
<p>A moment later, the formation came to a halt.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan, Shen Cong Sheng and the others found nothing, they could not detect a single bit of black fire within Shen Shang's body at all.</p> 
<p>Shen Shang sighed: "I have searched countless times before, the only time this black fire will appear is when I go mad again."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's eyes shimmered uncertainly: "Are you sure that you can't remember all the things about the black fire?"</p> 
<p>Shen Shang just shook his head.</p> 
<p>Shen Cong Sheng sighed: "In that case, we will have to wait. This mission will be placed here for now, I will send a person specifically to stay behind to guard the formation."</p> 
<p>This arrangement was very reasonable.</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortals were restricted in their range of movement in Dragon Whale Paradise and could not travel in and out of places as they wished. Using the Merit Obelisk's teleportation ability, as well as the group title, they were able to communicate instantly, and if Shen Shang went mad, they would quickly gather together.</p> 
<p>Those arranged within the formation were bound to be Shen clan's members, sometimes it was even Shen Cong Sheng himself who went to stay guard.</p> 
<p>With this burden, Shen clan was not Fang Yuan's match at all in the competition for the merit board ranking.</p> 
<p>Time continued to pass day by day, Fang Yuan's merit points rose from thousands to tens of thousands, and then from tens of thousands to even higher.</p> 
<p>In the process, he also exchanged for titles from time to time. It was just that the secrets behind many titles were not clear to him either. In the previous life, Miao Ming Shen's group had not explored it to this extent yet, so Fang Yuan could only guess and make deductions.</p> 
<p>Fortunately, even if his deductions were wrong, the exchanged titles were all of some use.</p> 
<p>Having so many merit points, Fang Yuan did not exchange for any Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>He did not lack any Immortal Gu, what he lacked were some rare immortal materials.</p> 
<p>There were instances where Fang Yuan spent his merit points to exchange for immortal materials from the Merit Obelisk that would help the hairy man Gu Immortals' refinement.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had a large amount of immortal materials, but there were still some missing among the rarer ones. The Merit Obelisk made up for the last gap in resources.</p> 
<p>By the time Fang Yuan made a new breakthrough, the first super mission appeared.</p> 
<p>"Get rid of the black fire on the heavenly spine?" Fang Yuan was slightly startled: "Why is there still black fire that hasn't been eliminated?"</p> 
<p>Some time before, missions regarding the black fire had appeared one after another. The immortals completed these missions to clean up Shen Shang's mess.</p> 
<p>"Could it be that this isn't left behind by Shen Shang?" There was a sudden flash of realization in Fang Yuan's mind.</p> 
<p>It was very simple to verify this conjecture, with the aid of the Merit Obelisk, Fang Yuan directly teleported to the mission location.</p> 
<p>At the next moment, he was at the top of the clouds, the highest point in the sky.</p> 
<p>There was no wind and the sun was warm.</p> 
<p>"This is?" Fang Yuan's pupils shrank as he looked up to see countless lumps of black fire burning silently.</p> 
<p>The scale of the black fire was extremely large, as if this was a field of dark clouds in a rainstorm!</p> 
<p>The total amount of black fire that Fang Yuan and the immortals had previously gone to great lengths to annihilate was a minute fraction of the black fire in front of him now.</p> 
<p>"The scale of this black fire is appalling, it cannot have come from Shen Shang. In that case, there was already a hidden black fire problem in Dragon Whale Paradise from the start!"</p>
    </body>
</html>
