<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1842: Uprising Plan, Stealing Fate</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1842: Uprising Plan, Stealing Fate</h1>
        <p><a epub:type="noteref" href="#n1"></a></p>
        <p>Wu Shuai accumulated for a hundred years, he constructed an extraordinary rank seven Immortal Gu House, Dragon Court.</p> 
<p>Next, he made a bet with Wind Cloud Manor, using Dragon Court to kill Song Tao Zi in front of everyone, becoming renowned in the world.</p> 
<p>During the celebratory banquet, Green Ant Ascetic and Calligraphy Pavilion Lady showed up, this confirmed that Wu Shuai's influence had grown — he was now qualified to speak on equal terms with rank eight existences!</p> 
<p>During the night of the celebratory banquet, Wu Shuai had a nice dream.</p> 
<p>In this dream, he fulfilled all of his aspirations, he reached all of the goals that he was willing to fight for.</p> 
<p>He became the dragonman leader, he had peak rank eight battle strength, Duke Long stepped down from his position for him.</p> 
<p>He controlled Dragon Court and led his dragonman people to live freely, becoming equals with the humans.</p> 
<p>He imprisoned Fan Ji and tortured him to death in front of Shu Jiu Ling, before he went to deal with Shu Jiu Ling herself. Calligraphy Pavilion Lady came in time and fought against him, after she lost, she begged him to spare her daughter and offered herself as his subordinate, Wu Shuai agreed to it, he only made Shu Jiu Ling a servant while Calligraphy Pavilion Lady became his subordinate for good.</p> 
<p>He made Green Ant Ascetic and Wine Fairy his dragonman external supreme elders, even though they did not want to, the dragonman race was too powerful, Wu Shuai's strength forced them to submit.</p> 
<p>And the happiest thing was that he finally made Tai Qin his sole dragon empress, they had many children together. All of his kids had great talent and aptitude, they were like shining stars in the sky. Even though they were still young, they would definitely become great figures in the future.</p> 
<p>On the second day, Wu Shuai woke up with a smile.</p> 
<p>He looked at his beloved Tai Qin as she slept, he covered her with a blanket affectionately.</p> 
<p>Next, he walked out of the room quietly, starting to do his work.</p> 
<p>His battle with Song Tao Zi did not just lead to his own rise, even the dragonman race was feeling a lot of motivation and excitement.</p> 
<p>Due to this influence, the dragonman race became more active and had a stronger attitude.</p> 
<p>For the next few decades, the conflict between the dragonmen and humans intensified as they clashed with greater intensity.</p> 
<p>Duke Long learned of this and summoned Wu Shuai.</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai flew all the way for thousands of li, but was scolded by Duke Long.</p> 
<p>These years, he had been the main culprit behind the conflict of the dragonmen and humans.</p> 
<p>Next, Duke Long ordered him to announce his crimes and step down as the owner of South Flower Island, at the same time, he had to change Dragon Court's name to Dragon Palace.</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai was unwilling but against Duke Long and Heavenly Court, he was still too weak.</p> 
<p>He had a dark expression and deep anger as he returned to South Flower Island, following Duke Long's instructions reluctantly.</p> 
<p>Gu Liang came to visit.</p> 
<p>The first time Wu Shuai saw him was during the banquet after killing Song Tao Zi.</p> 
<p>For the last few decades, Gu Liang had been very close with the South Flower Island dragonmen, they had worked together many times, their cooperation was harmonious.</p> 
<p>"Wu Shuai, I heard about the situation in South Flower Island, why are you admitting to such crimes? Is there anything I can help you with?"</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai sighed deeply: "Gu Liang, this is the order of my ancestor Duke Long, I have no choice but to obey him, I am helpless now."</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai spoke firmly: "I will tell you the truth, when I killed Song Tao Zi, I thought it was a turning point that will lead to the rise of my dragonman race. But after these decades, I seem to be stuck in a sandpit, all my actions are showing little effect, I am facing pressure from all directions."</p> 
<p>Gu Liang smiled as he consoled: "Don't think too lowly of yourself. These years, I have seen all of your hard work. If not for your management of South Flower Island, this force created by the dragonmen would have been devoured by all the greedy people out there. After all, it is the ten great ancient sects and Heavenly Court that you are going against."</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai was silent for a while, he was filled with deep rage and anger, but also helplessness, in the end, he sighed deeply as he raised his head: "The rise of the dragonman race, it is easier said than done, it is harder than ascending heaven."</p> 
<p>Gu Liang still had his smile: "One step at a time, back then when Heavenly Court rose to power, wasn't it the same situation?"</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai said in a defeated tone: "With my ancestor's instructions, my decades and even centuries of hard work have gone to nothing. The humans have control of the world, this is the trend."</p> 
<p>Gu Liang said: "I have a method, it can solve your problem."</p> 
<p>"Oh? What is it? Quickly tell me, there is no need to hesitate with our friendship." Wu Shuai immediately asked.</p> 
<p>"This is a simple plan, you are only worried about the morale of the dragonman race. Especially since you and South Flower Island are the war flags that hold up the entire race, yet Duke Long wants to exterminate that. But what if you advance to rank eight now?"</p> 
<p>"Advance to rank eight? Why would I not want that! But the final tribulation, even with Dragon Court, I am afraid..." Wu Shuai was hesitant.</p> 
<p>"Hahaha, you have taken charge of South Flower Island for so many years, you truly cannot take such a risk. You know how important you are to the entire island and dragonman race. But all these worries are holding you back, you no longer have the same bravery back then. I am here to lend you a hand, I will help you pass the final tribulation and become a true rank eight Gu Immortal!" Gu Liang said as his aura transformed, turning from rank seven to rank eight.</p> 
<p>It turned out that he was a rank eight Gu Immortal disguising as a rank seven.</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai was deeply shocked: "Gu Liang... no, senior... you..."</p> 
<p>Gu Liang raised his hand, stopping Wu Shuai: "Wu Shuai, let's continue talking as friends. The truth is, I approached you for my own intentions. Central Continent is too powerful, the rest of the four regions are weak. As an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, I am willing to see internal conflict in Central Continent. But I am not helping you because of that, I really appreciate and admire you. To speak the truth, we are quite alike."</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai was overjoyed: "These years, I have been finding a rank eight Gu Immortal to help me with my tribulation. But even Green Ant Ascetic and Calligraphy Pavilion Lady are constantly giving excuses, your help has truly come at the best timing. I, Wu Shuai, will never forget this favor!"</p> 
<p>The next scene of the dream realm was his tribulation.</p> 
<p>But because Wu Shuai and Gu Liang were very close in the earlier scenes, he was helped by Gu Liang.</p> 
<p>Gu Liang had extraordinary strength, with his help, Wu Shuai successfully passed the tribulation without danger.</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai finally became a rank eight Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>Even though he obeyed Duke Long's instructions and did everything, causing a huge commotion and fear among the dragonmen, when news that he became a rank eight Gu Immortal spread in the world, the tides shifted towards the dragonman race again, their morale rose greatly, it was even higher than before.</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai became the second rank eight of the dragonman race, he surpassed his father's generation, only Duke Long was the sole person above him.</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai had genuine rank eight cultivation level now, he could finally speak on equal terms with Green Ant Ascetic and Calligraphy Pavilion Lady.</p> 
<p>Duke Long's attitude towards him also changed, he no longer summoned him and scolded him so casually.</p> 
<p>It was like he had broken out of a hopeless encirclement, Wu Shuai felt his pressure lifting, most of the undercurrents involving South Flower Island for the last few decades were swept away after he reached rank eight.</p> 
<p>"The scenery of rank eight is truly different!"</p> 
<p>"From today onwards, I am also a peak existence of the Gu Immortal world."</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai was extremely grateful to Gu Liang, their cooperation deepened continuously.</p> 
<p>Gu Liang told Wu Shuai of many secrets: "The foundation of Heavenly Court is fate Gu. In history, two Demon Venerables attacked Heavenly Court, but why did they fail? The reason was because they could not destroy fate Gu, and because of Star Constellation's assimilation, they are unable to destabilize Heavenly Court's foundation."</p> 
<p>"However, while Star Constellation's assimilation defended the reign of Heavenly Court, it also infuriated the Heavenly Dao. The way of heaven is balance, but humanity is flourishing and strengthening without restraint at the moment. This goes against the true heaven's will!"</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai learned many important things from Gu Liang. Even though he lived in Central Continent and was a supreme elder of one of the ten great ancient sects, he had never understood Heavenly Court's true secrets, he did not have any sources of information.</p> 
<p>"Wu Shuai, if you really want to lead the dragonman race to rise up, rank eight cultivation level is not enough. In fact, even if you get more rank eight Gu Immortals, it will not affect Heavenly Court's status. Heavenly Court has many more rank eights than you'll ever have!"</p> 
<p id="r1">"In fact, if I put this bluntly, if your dragonman race really surpasses the bottom line of Heavenly Court one day, they will definitely take action against you. Don't they always say this? Those who are not my race having different motives<a epub:type="noteref" href="#n1" role="doc-noteref">[1]</a>!"</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai thought about it, there was deep meaning in this, he quickly asked Gu Liang for advice.</p> 
<p>Gu Liang told him: "The rise of dragonmen is extraordinary, you have to target the source of everything!"</p> 
<p>"The source? You are referring to fate Gu?" Wu Shuai smiled bitterly: "Fate Gu is kept strictly by Heavenly Court, it is too difficult."</p> 
<p>"It is difficult indeed but there is still hope. Especially now, we have the greatest opportunity of all time." Gu Liang's eyes flickered with bright light.</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai was moved: "You are referring to that person... Red Lotus?"</p> 
<p>"That's right, Heavenly Court originally wanted to nurture Red Lotus into an Immortal Venerable, but he has other intentions, he chose to defy them. Your ancestor Duke Long has been very busy over this matter, it is giving him such a headache that he has relaxed his control over your dragonman race. From this point, you need to thank Red Lotus for lowering the pressure that you are facing." Gu Liang said.</p> 
<p>"We need to borrow Red Lotus' power? That is a good idea, but how do we contact him?" Wu Shuai asked again: "Red Lotus is too mysterious, there is almost no way of tracing his movement."</p> 
<p>"We cannot find Red Lotus directly, even if we want to meet him, he will reject us, he might even attack or destroy us." Gu Liang's expression changed, he showed some wariness.</p> 
<p>He said with deep meaning: "Regardless of whether Red Lotus is an Immortal Venerable or Demon Venerable, he is still a human Gu Immortal."</p> 
<p>"If he does not want to cooperate, how will we borrow his strength?" Wu Shuai asked.</p> 
<p>Gu Liang laughed: "Red Lotus wants to revive his family and his lover, he has to go against the Heavenly Dao and defy fate. This conflict cannot be resolved, and precisely so, he turned on his teacher and Duke Long remains unable to get Red Lotus to turn back. Red Lotus will definitely attack Heavenly Court and attempt to destroy fate Gu. When he attacks Heavenly Court, it will be our opportunity to take action."</p> 
<p>"When will Red Lotus Demon Venerable attack Heavenly Court?"</p> 
<p>"That I am not sure. It can take many years, or it can be at the next moment."</p> 
<p>Wu Shuai realized: "I get it, from now on, we need to get close to Heavenly Court, we need to constantly enter Heavenly Court to find more information and peek into deeper secrets. When Red Lotus attacks, we will use the prime opportunity to try and steal fate Gu!"</p> 
<p id="n1" role="doc-footnote" epub:type="footnote">[1] A common phrase in Chinese <a href="#r1">Back</a></p>
    </body>
</html>
