<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1565: Forced To Die</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1565: Forced To Die</h1>
        
        <p>Previously, in green ghost desert, Fang Yuan had used great thief ghost hand to steal rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token.</p> 
<p>Great thief ghost hand was only a rank seven move, and its core was rank seven great thief Immortal Gu. But with the help of the killer move yama, its power rose to the point where it could steal a rank eight Immortal Gu from the legendary immemorial soul beast Qing Chou's body.</p> 
<p>Back then, great thief ghost hand's effective range was extremely short, which required Fang Yuan to get near the target.</p> 
<p>After returning, Fang Yuan modified yama, adding in great thief ghost hand to form the completely new emperor yama killer move. Right now, great thief ghost hand not only had a long range of effectiveness, it also had the ability to conceal itself.</p> 
<p>It was not strange for Meng Tu to be struck by it, instead it would be unusual if he was not struck.</p> 
<p>"This is your blade path Immortal Gu? Oh, a white butterfly's appearance and the size of a fist, is it bladewing Immortal Gu?" Fang Yuan recalled the great thief ghost hand, he was holding a rank seven Immortal Gu in his hand, which looked like a butterfly with layers of exquisite cloud patterns on its wings.</p> 
<p>Cold sweat dripped from Meng Tu's forehead, he was lying weakly on the ground, he looked at Fang Yuan with narrowed eyes and spoke in a hoarse voice: "You… you actually seized an Immortal Gu from my immortal aperture? Did you obtain a true inheritance of Thieving Heaven?"</p> 
<p>"True inheritance of Thieving Heaven… hehe, your guess is correct, I obtained one indeed." Fang Yuan sneered as he stored bladewing Immortal Gu into his immortal aperture right in front of Meng Tu, sealing it in Heaven Sealing Mountain.</p> 
<p>Meng Tu's eyelids twitched violently.</p> 
<p>Bladewing Immortal Gu was not his vital Gu, but he had raised it from its rank five mortal Gu stage. He had failed dozens of times and expended a huge amount of resources, as well as time and energy to raise it. He had never expected there would be a day where it would be forcibly seized.</p> 
<p>Anger surged in Meng Tu's heart. But even more than anger was fear.</p> 
<p>Why did Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable become a calamity of the world in the past? Wasn't it because of his Immortal Gu stealing methods? Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable could even steal things that were hidden in immortal apertures. And now, Fang Yuan had reproduced Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's method, the nightmare that he had casted upon an entire era was like a thick layer of dark clouds that shrouded Meng Tu's heart.</p> 
<p>Meng Tu healed his injuries to the best of his abilities while speaking with a tensed expression: "Since you are a theft path Gu Immortal and have also inherited Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's true inheritance, then you should be aware of the rule set by your ancestor Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable back then. Thieves have their own honor, always leave room for appeasement and never act too overbearingly! Since you have taken my bladewing Immortal Gu, what else do you want? If you want anything else, I can lend them to you."</p> 
<p>Back then, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had rampaged throughout the world, with no one able to stop him.</p> 
<p>But Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was not evil by nature, he was good natured at his core, he advocated honor and glory. All he wanted was to return home, his cultivation journey and resources stolen were meant for this purpose.</p> 
<p>After the five regions' Gu Immortals knew of his goal, as well as being aware that they could not defend against Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's methods, whenever they ran into Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, they would lend anything Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable wanted as long as it did not endanger their lives.</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable did not have insatiable greed, after he obtained the things he wanted, he spared the lives of the Gu Immortals and let them off. In most cases, he only took what he wanted, he did not care about other Immortal Gu or immortal materials no matter how high their value was.</p> 
<p>Since Fang Yuan inherited Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's true inheritance and was Thieving Heaven's inheritor, Meng Tu knew he could not win, and since the situation was extremely bad, he directly asked for mercy.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan frowned, mumbling: "If you truly want to do this, it is also not impossible…"</p> 
<p>Just as he was speaking, Fang Yuan's eyes suddenly glinted, pushing his hands forward as he activated immortal killer move soul explosion!</p> 
<p>A vast wave of darkness immediately surged towards Meng Tu.</p> 
<p>Meng Tu did not dodge, instead laughing: "You really thought that I, Meng Tu, am a person who begs for mercy?!"</p> 
<p>Just as he ended his words, he was submerged by the soul explosion's dark waves. But shortly afterwards, his body let out bright blade lights as he boldly self-detonated!</p> 
<p>Boom!!</p> 
<p>A loud explosion with terrifying might threw chaos into the whole of autumn blade plain!</p> 
<p>After the explosion, not even the corpse of Meng Tu remained, while Fang Yuan's emperor yama was mostly destroyed.</p> 
<p>The quasi-immortal battlefield that covered the entirety of autumn blade plain also completely disintegrated, and autumn blade plain's surface sank by five to six feet.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan quickly used his investigative methods to scan the battlefield, and after several scans, he finally confirmed Meng Tu was truly dead.</p> 
<p>"Meng Tu actually self-detonated!" Fang Yuan was surprised and had a strange expression, he had not expected Meng Tu would be so bold and direct.</p> 
<p>This was clearly somewhat different from the memories in Fang Yuan's first life.</p> 
<p>If Meng Tu was someone who disregarded life and death, why would he have sided with Heavenly Court?</p> 
<p>It was because of this, Fang Yuan had felt Meng Tu was not strong-willed, so when Meng Tu asked for mercy, Fang Yuan subconsciously chose to believe him.</p> 
<p>Naturally, Fang Yuan never intended to let go of Meng Tu, but when he was about to make a move, Meng Tu had self-detonated one step ahead of him!</p> 
<p>Such determination and will was truly too straightforward.</p> 
<p>"Maybe Meng Tu's nature was gradually changed by all kinds of events. After all, humans do change. Also, in my first life, it was Heavenly Court who made a move, they definitely used some exquisite methods and plans to instigate Meng Tu."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan shook his head as he gave one final glance at autumn blade plain before flying away quickly.</p> 
<p>Almost all the edge Gu in autumn blade plain were destroyed after this battle. But their growth potential had become bigger, because with Meng Tu's self-detonation, all his blade path dao marks were engraved in this land.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had obtained little benefit in this battle.</p> 
<p>Besides testing out emperor yama and obtaining the rank seven bladewing Immortal Gu, he did not achieve his original intention, which was Meng Tu's soul and immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>Meng Tu's firm resolution had decreased Fang Yuan's benefits, his goal was achieved — even in death, he did not let the enemy obtain the maximum benefits.</p> 
<p>After Fang Yuan displayed great thief ghost hand, Meng Tu knew that his Immortal Gu could be stolen one after the other by Fang Yuan, with his serious injuries and the fact he was trapped at this place, he had no hope of escaping so he resolutely chose to self-detonate. From his point of view, it was a rather sensible action.</p> 
<p>"It has always been difficult to prepare oneself for death, this Meng Tu has true courage! In my first life, he sided with Heavenly Court, he was cast aside by his tribe and Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world, sullying his reputation as a shameless person. This life, although he died, he will definitely have the glory of a fallen hero." Fang Yuan sighed inwardly.</p> 
<p>Regardless, his goal was still achieved after the battle.</p> 
<p>Before stealing bladewing Immortal Gu, he had secretly taken out the drinking blade wine from deep underground. In the process, he had casually stolen hundreds of edge Gu which was better than nothing.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan retreated extremely quickly.</p> 
<p>Autumn blade plain was in the territory of Meng tribe, when Meng Tu saw Fang Yuan intruding, he would have definitely sent a message to the tribe.</p> 
<p>So not long later, Meng tribe will sense Meng Tu's death and many Gu Immortals would come to inspect autumn blade plain.</p> 
<p>The items were already obtained, Fang Yuan was looking towards the future when Northern Plains obstructed Heavenly Court's expansion, so it was not worthwhile to kill these Northern Plains Gu Immortals, as it would weaken Northern Plains and be basically helping Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>As he was not in a fight, emperor yama's robe gradually shrunk to a silk-like clothing, while the thin bronze armor on Fang Yuan's chest and back stuck to his muscles.</p> 
<p>"Oh? Someone is deducing me." After a while of flying, Fang Yuan's expression suddenly changed.</p> 
<p>Meng tribe was a super force and had specially nurtured a wisdom path Gu Immortal. They were definitely shaken by Meng Tu's death and were sure to look for the culprit.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan held his breath, carefully looking at his emperor yama killer move.</p> 
<p>Emperor yama's robe gradually expanded and continued to expand along with the increase in intensity of the deduction of Meng tribe's wisdom path Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was defending against the other side's deduction while also calculating his soul foundation expenditure.</p> 
<p>Meng tribe's wisdom path Gu Immortal deduced for a while before stopping, gaining no results.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan nodded, greatly pleased: "Emperor yama's defense against wisdom path deductions has become stronger and is at rank eight level. Even if Fairy Zi Wei deduces about me, I can block her!"</p> 
<p>The conclusion was, emperor yama's defense and offense were at peak rank seven level. The yama children were extremely difficult to deal with, not only could they act flexibly, they could also rapidly recover, and even if there were losses, they could easily be replenished with soul beast modification.</p> 
<p>Even more amazing was great thief ghost hand, this method could steal rank eight Immortal Gu. In this battle, with just one attack, it had determined his victory, forcing Meng Tu, a peak rank seven expert, to self-detonate.</p> 
<p>At a similar level to great thief ghost hand was emperor yama's defense against wisdom path deductions. This was also what Fang Yuan needed the most.</p> 
<p>"However, emperor yama still has room for improvement."</p> 
<p>"I should design an immortal battlefield killer move with emperor yama as the core."</p> 
<p>"This time, Meng Tu sealed the area, isolating himself from the outside world. If he had not shot himself in the foot, he could have freely escaped, and it would have been much more difficult for me to kill him."</p> 
<p>"Also, if I had an immortal battlefield killer move, when Meng Tu wanted to self-detonate, I would have sensed it one step earlier."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was always striving for improvements, he believed emperor yama could still be elevated further.</p>
    </body>
</html>
