<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1212: Burning Soul Bursting Luck!</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1212: Burning Soul Bursting Luck!</h1>
        
        <p>"Chirp chirp!" A yellow haired female monkey pranced around, running towards Fang Yuan with nimble steps.</p> 
<p>The yellow haired monkey stood in front of Fang Yuan, offering its peach to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan received it wordlessly, before tossing it below the tree.</p> 
<p>The female monkey was shocked, it waved its arms as it jumped around Fang Yuan, it yelled and caused the branch that Fang Yuan was standing on to shake, the leaves were rustling as some fell to the ground.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan covered his face with his hands, sighing as he lowered his head.</p> 
<p>The female monkey approached Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan kicked, sending the monkey down the tree.</p> 
<p>The female monkey fell off the tree, it gritted its teeth in pain, looking at Fang Yuan on the tree, the attraction in its eyes turned into fear, it quickly escaped while limping.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's appearance now had changed, his entire figure had turned from a human to a male monkey.</p> 
<p>Precisely so, he attracted the affection of that female monkey.</p> 
<p>This was the peak of a nameless mountain.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan came here, disguised as a monkey, he had been here for half a month already.</p> 
<p>He concealed his identity, his focus was on observing the super Gu formation.</p> 
<p>That's right, in front of him was the super dream realm.</p> 
<p>Unfortunately, the giant dream realm was completely concealed by the righteous path's Gu formation, with the naked eye, one could only see the scene of a verdant green mountain.</p> 
<p>Even if Fang Yuan used his methods, he could only see past the surface, the inside of the Gu formation was still very blurry.</p> 
<p>"Unfortunately, my strongest investigative method is three breaths future vision, it cannot deal with this super Gu formation. There must be many Immortal Gu inside this super Gu formation."</p> 
<p>"The one who arranged this Gu formation is Chi clan's first supreme elder, Chi Qu You. This person is a formation path great grandmaster, the strongest Immortal Gu formation he has ever made is called three tune nine pool formation. His Chi clan descendant Gu Immortals had used this formation during the five regions chaotic war and killed many Central Continent Gu Immortals. This formation was made during Chi Qu You's later years, he is still far from dying now. But maybe I can deduce it from this super Gu formation in front of me, it has the style of three tune nine pool formation, formations inside formations, overlapping in layers."</p> 
<p>"Right now this Gu formation has only used a portion of its power, it has not even activated Immortal Gu, after all, that would consume immortal essence."</p> 
<p>"Even so, with my observations these last days, just I alone cannot destroy a Gu formation of this level. Not to mention that inside, there are at least thirteen righteous path Gu Immortals!"</p> 
<p>There were thirteen super forces in Southern Border's righteous path.</p> 
<p>The super Gu formation here was made through everyone's efforts. To defend their own interests, each clan had sent at least one Gu Immortal to defend it. These Gu Immortals were elites of their own clans, otherwise, they would not be able to control the situation.</p> 
<p>"The defense is too tight, if I want to get in, and use unravel dream, forcing my way through is impossible, I need to plan wisely." Fang Yuan shook his head internally.</p> 
<p>But what plan should he use, Fang Yuan did not know.</p> 
<p>There were no clear options.</p> 
<p>Because this problem involved the entire Southern Border righteous path. These righteous path forces had worked together, they were united, their distribution of benefits was also very reasonable.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was all alone, even though he had rank seven cultivation level, against such a huge force, there was nothing he could do.</p> 
<p>These righteous path forces could stay in power until today and dominate most of Southern Border's cultivation resources, there was a good reason for it.</p> 
<p>Like before, Fang Yuan attempted to disrupt Northern Plains, in the end, the righteous path forces and Chu Du resisted him.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had been reborn, but because of heaven's will, the advantage of his rebirth was quite small.</p> 
<p>Most crucially, this giant dream realm also had Gu formations that were not used in his previous life. Thus, Fang Yuan's understanding of it was minimal.</p> 
<p>"What should I do?" Fang Yuan was troubled.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing, who was inside Bai Xiang grotto-heaven, stared at the land spirit with an equally troubled feeling.</p> 
<p>"I broke through the thirty halls and cut down all my obstacles, I finally met you but you refuse to acknowledge me as your master?" Bai Ning Bing stared at Bai Xiang heavenly spirit, he had an icy expression.</p> 
<p>Bai Xiang heavenly spirit was an old man.</p> 
<p>He smoked his cigar as he sat on the steps, he looked at Bai Ning Bing and breathed in deeply, before puffing out deeply: "Oh, young people these days, they are so hasty. When you came here, I said that if you get through the thirty halls, I will meet you. I did not say that I will acknowledge you as master. Getting here just means that you have the initial qualifications to accept the following test."</p> 
<p>"What is the following test?" Bai Ning Bing asked coldly.</p> 
<p>"Bring back an immortal material." Bai Xiang heavenly spirit looked at Bai Ning Bing, chuckling with a creepy look.</p> 
<p>"What immortal material, where?" Bai Ning Bing asked.</p> 
<p>"Do you see that hole at the top of the hall?" Bai Xiang heavenly spirit pointed up and said.</p> 
<p>"I saw it the moment I came here, it is too eye-catching." Bai Ning Bing said plainly.</p> 
<p>Bai Xiang heavenly spirit sighed again: "The greatest use of this Immortal Gu House, Thirty Heavenly Halls, is to store large amounts of immortal materials. But a few thousand years ago, one immortal material at the highest layer broke through the ceiling and flew away."</p> 
<p>"What?" Bai Ning Bing was surprised.</p> 
<p>"Don't looked so shocked, young man, this world is huge beyond your imagination. The profundities of all life forms, you will encounter it in the future, and feel for yourself the grandness of heaven and earth..." Bai Xiang heavenly spirit sighed.</p> 
<p>"Stop prattling, get to the point." Bai Ning Bing interrupted mercilessly.</p> 
<p>"Oh! Youngster, you have no patience, listening to an old man's words is good for you." Bai Xiang heavenly spirit sighed.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing was silent, only staring at Bai Xiang heavenly spirit with his blue eyes.</p> 
<p>Bai Xiang heavenly spirit smoked another puff as he said: "Alright, I'll tell you. I want you to subdue that flame. It is hidden deep in the sea to the west. Normally, you cannot find it because it can fuse with sea water completely, but once in a while, it will float to the surface and frolic around. That is your best chance to catch it."</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing followed Bai Xiang heavenly spirit's guidance, arriving at the western coastline.</p> 
<p>The sea was wide and vast, there were many waves on the surface, it was a magnificent sight.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing had hidden here for more than ten days, he finally found the chance that Bai Xiang heavenly spirit had mentioned.</p> 
<p>Swish swish swish!</p> 
<p>Countless waves appeared on the surface of the sea, causing tides that were more than a hundred feet tall to form.</p> 
<p>The calm and silent sea had at this moment, turned into a roaring brute, the sea was fierce and magnificent, Bai Ning Bing, who was witnessing this for the first time, had deep emotions seeing it.</p> 
<p>Next, he flew to the sky, seeing that immortal material which Bai Xiang heavenly spirit was talking about.</p> 
<p>It was a small lump of flames.</p> 
<p>The flames were orange-yellow, round and the size of an adult's fist.</p> 
<p>It burned and emitted light, it formed into the shape of a flying dragon as the orange flames continued to fly around randomly.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing, who was usually expressionless, showed shock on his face.</p> 
<p>"Light of dao marks, and so lively, this is a rank nine immortal material!"</p> 
<p>Rank nine immortal materials were extremely rare.</p> 
<p>They were special materials in the world that could refine rank nine Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing did not expect that Bai Xiang heavenly spirit was asking him to retrieve a rank nine immortal material!</p> 
<p>This was out of his capabilities, Bai Ning Bing had to take a risk and use the Immortal Gu inside him to activate a special method, communicating with Ying Wu Xie outside.</p> 
<p>"Didn't I tell you not to contact me, if Bai Xiang heavenly spirit finds out, it will be troublesome." Ying Wu Xie said.</p> 
<p>"I encountered trouble, I need to retrieve a rank nine immortal material, it is a lump of orange-yellow flames..."</p> 
<p>Hearing Bai Ning Bing's thorough description, Ying Wu Xie's expression changed: "You say that the light from its dao marks resemble flying dragons? The surrounding seawater is rushing outwards, as if it is afraid of this fire?"</p> 
<p>"That is indeed so, around the fire, there is a huge empty space without any water in it. I can see the water level at the bottom of this, the empty space is still continuing to expand." Bai Ning Bing added.</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie's expression changed again, his answer this time was a little shaky: "You must have read \&lt;\&lt;The Legends of Ren Zu\&gt;\&gt;, recorded inside were the three unique flames of heaven, earth, and human respectively, this is the human flame — Raging Wave Rising Dragon Fire!"</p> 
<p>"Raging wave rising dragon fire?!" Bai Ning Bing heard this answer and became tongue-tied.</p> 
<p>After a short pause, Bai Ning Bing asked: "Then what should I do?"</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie sighed: "It is very hard. With your cultivation level, there is almost no hope in subduing wild flames. However, this flame is not wild, it was once subdued by Bai Xiang, there is some chance. I have three methods for you, you can try them all."</p> 
<p>"How big are my chances?" Bai Ning Bing asked.</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie smiled bitterly: "I am not sure, they all have a possibility of success, but the chances are slim, it will depend on your luck."</p> 
<p>Both of them conversed in a short time, in order to avoid getting caught, Ying Wu Xie was the first to cut the connection.</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie was not optimistic, his thoughts were shrouded in darkness.</p> 
<p>"The human flame among the three flames of heaven, earth and human... I am afraid only my main body after revival can have high hopes in succeeding."</p> 
<p>"It seems that I need to help Bai Ning Bing, if he fails, it will be troublesome for my future plans."</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie decided to do something.</p> 
<p>Even though he was far away from Bai Ning Bing, the latter was in Bai Xiang grotto-heaven and was under the surveillance of Bai Xiang heavenly spirit, Ying Wu Xie had many methods to help Bai Ning Bing.</p> 
<p>First, there was luck!</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie's immortal killer move — Burning Soul Bursting Luck.</p> 
<p>He used this killer move again. The last time he used it was in the super Gu formation inside Central Continent's Earth Abyss. Back then, Ying Wu Xie planned to refine Fixed Immortal Travel, he burned his own soul to raise his luck sharply!</p> 
<p>Eventually, his Gu refinement still failed.</p> 
<p>But this was because Heavenly Court had already refined Fixed Immortal Travel before him.</p> 
<p>Immortal Gu were unique, even if his luck was overwhelming, Ying Wu Xie could not refine a second Fixed Immortal Travel in this world.</p> 
<p>Before Bai Ning Bing set off, Ying Wu Xie had already used connect luck Immortal Gu to tie their luck together.</p> 
<p>Right now, Bai Ning Bing was trying to subdue the rank nine immortal material raging wave rising dragon fire, he could not avoid this, Ying Wu Xie could only use luck to help Bai Ning Bing!</p> 
<p>On the other hand, near the giant dream realm.</p> 
<p>"Oh? Something's happening!" Fang Yuan, who had turned into a monkey, quickly hid behind the branches.</p> 
<p>Two Gu Immortals appeared, standing below the tree Fang Yuan was in.</p> 
<p>The peach that Fang Yuan had thrown out earlier was by the feet of a Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>"Brother Luo, thank you for this." A Gu Immortal said.</p> 
<p>"I can bring you in, but if anything happens and you get discovered, it has nothing to do with me." The other Gu Immortal replied.</p>
    </body>
</html>
