<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1256: For The Sake of Love and Justice!</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1256: For The Sake of Love and Justice!</h1>
        
        <p>As she was thinking of this, Zhao Lian Yun suddenly heard a sound coming from the darkness.</p> 
<p>This sound was calling out her name: "Zhao Lian Yun... Zhao Lian Yun..."</p> 
<p>"Who?"</p> 
<p>"Who is calling for me? I hear my name."</p> 
<p>"Why do I feel that this voice is so familiar?"</p> 
<p>"Ah, I remember, isn't this my voice before I lost it?"</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun suddenly recalled a scene of the past.</p> 
<p>It was during the time of the Imperial Court contest, Zhao Lian Yun's father had died and she was treated as a political chip for an arranged marriage. However, she went against this fate by relying on Ma Hong Yun. In just a short while, she had turned from a wealthy young miss to an orphan.</p> 
<p>One day, Ma Hong Yun brought her to a valley.</p> 
<p>"Look, I found a good place for you!" Ma Hong Yun looked pleased.</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun gazed around, but when she discovered this was just a common small valley, her mouth uncontrollably twitched: "What is special about this? Isn't it just a normal valley? There is not even nice scenery."</p> 
<p>"What are you saying?" Ma Hong Yun's eyes opened wide, "Valleys are very rare in Northern Plains. Here, let me teach you, shout at the valley with your name and the valley will reply to you. Like this!"</p> 
<p>Ma Hong Yun took a deep breath, then yelled to the valley: "Zhao——Lian——Yun!"</p> 
<p>An echo soon came from the valley: "Zhao——Lian——Yun!"</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun helplessly rolled her eyes: "Foolish people are the happiest, what is strange about echoes, I truly haven't seen anyone as dense as you!"</p> 
<p>"Hahaha." Ma Hong Yun rubbed his hair: "Others have said I am an idiot, I am truly an idiot, how could I be as smart as Lady Xiao Yun."</p> 
<p>"But, when I felt sad in my childhood, when I was teased by others and no one played with me, I used to run to the valley near my home, and shout at the valley."</p> 
<p>"I call my name once, and the valley will reply back to me once, when I call again, the valley will reply again. It played with me, never abandoning or ignoring me. Unless my voice was not loud and clear enough."</p> 
<p>"I saw you were not feeling happy recently, there is probably no one to play with you, right? I have to be beside the young clan leader and cannot accompany you all the time, so when you are unhappy, come to this valley and play with it."</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun did not speak, she looked at Ma Hong Yun who had an earnest expression, a feeling of pity rose in her heart.</p> 
<p>"This Ma Hong Yun is so silly, but he is not bad at heart."</p> 
<p>"He must have lived a very sad life since a young age. Even now, when he works under young clan leader, he is scolded frequently. But I have never seen him cry in sorrow, he is always smiling the whole day."</p> 
<p>"Forget it, let me play with you then."</p> 
<p>Thinking of this, Zhao Lian Yun took a deep breath and called at the valley with her name.</p> 
<p>Ma Hong Yun was so happy he almost danced when he saw Zhao Lian Yun following his words: "That's wrong, you should shout louder, be louder."</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun shouted once again.</p> 
<p>Ma Hong Yun shook his head: "You are still not loud enough, the valley can hear you only if you are loud. It is not responding to you now, because it is not able to listen to you."</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun took in a deep breath, and shouted with her loudest voice.</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun!</p> 
<p>The valley replied — Zhao Lian Yun.</p> 
<p>Ma Hong Yun laughed heartily.</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun also felt very refreshed, all her sadness seemed to have decreased and her mood also brightened.</p> 
<p>"Zhao Lian Yun."</p> 
<p>"Zhao Lian Yun."</p> 
<p>"Zhao Lian Yun!"</p> 
<p>In the darkness, the voice shouted constantly.</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun, what are you doing? Don't be lost.</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun, you are not alone. Heaven and earth is with you, as long as you shout loudly, heaven and earth will hear you.</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun, wake up. There is someone who is still waiting for you to rescue him.</p> 
<p>That person once stood beside you, accompanied you to watch the stars, accompanied you to call out to the valley...</p> 
<p>Go help him.</p> 
<p>Go help him!</p> 
<p>He must be feeling lonely now, or maybe even afraid.</p> 
<p>Shout loudly, send out your voice, let him know you are coming! Let him know he has to persevere, let him know he has hope!</p> 
<p>"Yes!"</p> 
<p>"I will save him!"</p> 
<p>"How can I fall here?"</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun suddenly opened her eyes!</p> 
<p>She had woken up from her stupor.</p> 
<p>The moment she woke up, she found her whole body was burning with a pale blue light.</p> 
<p>This blue light was let out by love Immortal Gu!</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun's injuries rapidly recovered, and her condition was soaring.</p> 
<p>The blue light also shone towards the surroundings.</p> 
<p>Zhao Da Niu retreated step by step, his face filled with horror: "Ah, what is this light? It is heavier than a mountain! This aura, what Immortal Gu is this?!"</p> 
<p>Shi Zheng Yi was similarly bathed in the light.</p> 
<p>He suddenly stood up, feeling inexhaustible energy within him, his injuries had already disappeared, and his condition had reached an unprecedented peak.</p> 
<p>"Thank you, Zhao Lian Yun, leave this to me now!"</p> 
<p>"All you evildoers, I will strike you down. Take my..."</p> 
<p>"Fist—Of—Justice!"</p> 
<p>Shi Zheng Yi shouted loudly, the louder he shouted, the more powerful his immortal killer move became.</p> 
<p>A giant fist of light rose up from his body and struck towards Zhao Da Niu.</p> 
<p>Boom!</p> 
<p>Like the roar of thunder, Zhao Da Niu's defensive methods were broken, a bloody hole appeared in his wide chest from which one could see the wall behind him.</p> 
<p>"I... I..." Zhao Da Niu's eyes gradually lost their luster, before he fell down.</p> 
<p>Bam.</p> 
<p>His body collapsed on the ground, no longer moving.</p> 
<p>Several breaths of time later, his body, soul and immortal aperture turned into pure energy that was absorbed by the fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation.</p> 
<p>"Haha, justice prevailed!" Shi Zheng Yi raised his fist and yelled.</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun smiled from the side.</p> 
<p>Northern Plains, licorice regional wall.</p> 
<p>Dragon roars resounded throughout the surroundings: "Ying Wu Xie! Where do you think you are going?"</p> 
<p>It was Fang Yuan in sword dragon form, who had finally caught up to Ying Wu Xie and the group, under qi luck sensation's guidance.</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie and the group immediately turned around and faced Fang Yuan, their expressions extremely solemn.</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie had said Fang Yuan would catch up to them, so the five immortals were already mentally prepared for it and not panicked.</p> 
<p>Right now, they were waiting for the start of this vicious battle!</p> 
<p>The sword dragon roared, opening its mouth wide, revealing fangs that were sharp like spears and very ferocious. Its eyes were ruthless and cold, emitting bone-chilling killing intent!</p> 
<p>Without saying any nonsense, Fang Yuan directly charged forward!</p> 
<p>To kill!</p> 
<p>"If you want to go against my lord, you must go through me first." The loyal Shi Nu took a step forward, standing in front of the group, and raised his right hand.</p> 
<p>A tall and thick rock wall immediately rose up and formed an obstacle!</p> 
<p>Boom boom boom.</p> 
<p>At the next moment, the rock wall was pierced through repeatedly.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had used his dragon breath, the extremely sharp rays of dragon breath shot forward and gathered into a rain of sword light that pierced through the rock wall, moving towards the five immortals.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan gave a cry, breathing out small fire birds from her mouth.</p> 
<p>These small birds could act on their own, they moved towards Fang Yuan's dragon breath. The fire birds collided into the dragon breath, turning into balls of flames that dissipated in the air.</p> 
<p>"Angry bird?" Fang Yuan was slightly surprised.</p> 
<p>This was clearly a fire path method, he had not expected Hei Lou Lan to use it.</p> 
<p>The external appearance of these fire birds made Fang Yuan think of Blazing Heaven Demoness.</p> 
<p>Back then during the battle in Eastern Sea, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, along with Shark Demon, Su Bai Man as well as the one finger flow shark, were unable to beat Blazing Heaven Demoness.</p> 
<p>Blazing Heaven Demoness' immortal killer move, angry bird, had left an extremely deep impression on Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>But the fire birds Hei Lou Lan used were different from the true angry bird.</p> 
<p>After Hei Lou Lan's strength path Immortal Gu were sent to Fang Yuan, she suffered from a lack of strength path Immortal Gu to support her battle strength, in Eastern Sea, she then chose to cultivate fire path, which was not complemented by the strength path dao marks in her body.</p> 
<p>She possessed a fire path inheritance.</p> 
<p>When Blazing Heaven Demoness met Hei Lou Lan, she secretly handed her fire path inheritance to Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>Blazing Heaven Demoness felt extreme guilt towards Hei Lou Lan, and thought of every way to compensate her.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan received the fire path inheritance and had not cared about it originally, feeling she would not use it in her whole life. But who could expect the way events unfolded, under strange coincidences, she chose to focus on fire path.</p> 
<p>Naturally, she did not have even a trace of fire path dao marks in her.</p> 
<p>But she possessed all the Immortal Gu of Blazing Heaven Demoness.</p> 
<p>This matter would have to be traced back to before the battle of Yi Tian Mountain.</p> 
<p>To refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, Spectral Soul had no choice but to sacrifice the whole of Zombie Alliance, using the countless immortal zombies as immortal materials to further the progress of refinement.</p> 
<p>Zombie Alliance was underneath Shadow Sect from its establishment, and was controlled by Shadow Sect. It was just that many immortal zombies did not know of this fact despite joining Zombie Alliance.</p> 
<p>Zombie Alliance had gone all-out in establishing super Gu formations to protect immortal zombie corpses. But in truth, this was a perfect excuse and a way to keep them in captivity.</p> 
<p>Using this chance, Shadow Sect assassinated all the immortal zombies, it did not matter if the dead apertures of the immortal zombies existed or not, but the Immortal Gu in them were all safely stored.</p> 
<p>Northern Plains Zombie Alliance's Immortal Gu were all still hidden in Dark Flow Giant City.</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie and Hei Lou Lan were far away in Eastern Sea, but there was still Sixth Hair in Northern Plains.</p> 
<p>Dark Flow Giant City was hidden in the depths of Earth Trench, Sixth Hair quietly sneaked in and used his methods to take away all the Immortal Gu of Blazing Heaven Demoness, sending them to Ying Wu Xie.</p> 
<p>After Ying Wu Xie refined them, he gave them to Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan already had Blazing Heaven Demoness' true inheritance, and with the Immortal Gu as well, she could almost replicate all the methods of Blazing Heaven Demoness.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not know of this before, but now that he saw these fire birds, he immediately had a pensive look.</p> 
<p>The sword light dragon breath continued to be breathed out, Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly acted and added the protection of cloud rings around the other Gu Immortals.</p>
    </body>
</html>
