<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1674: Sudden Change, Regret Gu</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1674: Sudden Change, Regret Gu</h1>
        
        <p>The Sea God Ceremony ended, the result was astonishing; the person who became the saintess was completely unexpected by anyone — Xia Lin.</p> 
<p>Saintess Palace shined with bright and gorgeous lights, a group of servants were running around.</p> 
<p>Xia Lin had already changed into her saintess attire, she was dressed in a white garment while her tail rested on a lump of clouds.</p> 
<p>She opened the window and gazed at the large courtyard, those colorful corals could not attract her gaze.</p> 
<p>She looked dazed and unfocused: "Several days have passed since the Sea God Ceremony concluded, Master Chu has not appeared again after transmitting his message that day. When will he return?"</p> 
<p>"Saintess, your elder sister has come to pay a visit." At this moment, a maid lightly walked towards Xia Lin and reported.</p> 
<p>Xia Lin's brows slightly furrowed as she sighed: "Please bring her in."</p> 
<p>Xia Lin's elder sister Zhao Lu walked into Saintess Palace.</p> 
<p>She was only Xia Lin's elder sister in name, but after Fang Yuan tampered with her memories, this elder sister did not doubt Xia Lin's identity.</p> 
<p>"Little sister, have you considered what I said to you a few days ago?" Zhao Lu said directly.</p> 
<p>Xia Lin shook her head lightly: "I am really sorry, I don't want to get involved in other affairs. The saintess position was never my goal, if possible, I do not want to be the saintess."</p> 
<p>Zhao Lu laughed.</p> 
<p>Her laughter carried a sense of ridicule and jealousy.</p> 
<p>She was narrowly defeated by Su Yi in the final stage, then Xia Lin came out of nowhere and was supported by her backers just to give it a try. They had not thought Xia Lin would truly succeed!</p> 
<p>The political force behind Zhao Lu, naturally, would not let go of Xia Lin and wanted to make her their representative for benefits.</p> 
<p>But before Fang Yuan left, he had instructed Xia Lin to not agree to any person or side with any political force.</p> 
<p>So Xia Lin had already refused Zhao Lu a few days ago.</p> 
<p>Naturally, Zhao Lu's mood would not be so good.</p> 
<p>First of all, her long lost little sister had suddenly appeared, besides the connection of blood, she did not feel any affection for this sister.</p> 
<p>Secondly, she had worked hard for so long, but in the end, Xia Lin - who had cut in line - snatched the position of saintess. This was the same as snatching her lifelong dream!</p> 
<p>Lastly, the force behind her still made her come out to persuade and rope in her younger sister Xia Lin, but Xia Lin still refused!</p> 
<p>With all these reasons, Zhao Lu's mood naturally could not be good.</p> 
<p>"Xia Lin, if you truly didn't want to become saintess, why did you take part? Don't say such things to me, we both understand the situation here, tell me whatever requests you have, this deal will make you fully satisfied!" Zhao Lu spoke frankly.</p> 
<p>Xia Lin's brows furrowed deeper, she knew Zhao Lu was not her elder sister. This was just Master Chu's doing.</p> 
<p>And now that she heard such words from Zhao Lu, Xia Lin's impression of her worsened greatly.</p> 
<p>"Elder sister." Xia Lin spoke softly: "I am truly sorry, I really don't want to get involved in these matters. But you can rest assured that I won't collaborate with other forces as well."</p> 
<p>Zhao Lu's eyes opened wide: "Xia Lin, you are truly naive, you actually have such thoughts? I had thought you were waiting for the right price, sigh, I overestimated you. Since it is so, I will make it clear for you, you will die if you don't have our support, understand?"</p> 
<p>Xia Lin was stunned as she stared at Zhao Lu: "Don't tell me…"</p> 
<p>Zhao Lu shook her head: "Don't think wildly, we never had the intention to conspire against you even if you ended up not collaborating with us. You are the saintess, a person who has received the Sea God's recognition, which merman force dares to make a move against you? Once the deed is exposed, they will face a terrible death!"</p> 
<p>"Every selected saintess has an important task. That is to go to Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea and sing for three days and three nights, using her song to eliminate the increasingly dense demonic aura in Regret Crying Sea! This is an extremely dangerous task and has a very low survival rate. Many saintesses have passed away in Regret Crying Sea, some who came back alive turned crazy. Although the saintess position is good, it carries enormous risks and danger. If not for this task, there would be at least ten times more mermaids competing for the position of saintess!"</p> 
<p>"There is such a thing?" Xia Lin was astonished.</p> 
<p>Zhao Lu laughed: "You think I am deceiving you? This information might be hidden but it is not any important secret. You can easily inquire about it with your current identity and position. You can casually find anyone to ask, but of course, ordinary mermen are in the dark about it."</p> 
<p>"Among the sea areas controlled by the Sacred Court, the most dangerous is Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea. It is an absolute forbidden area! According to legends, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable suppressed a peerless demonic Gu Immortal in this sea area. The Immortal Venerable was too benevolent to take away the demonic Gu Immortal's life, so he sealed the demonic Gu Immortal to make him repent. This demonic Gu Immortal had no choice but to repent, so there are often sounds of crying in that sea area. But his sins are truly too heavy and his demonic nature is too strong, the demonic aura will accumulate after a period of time and start influencing the living organisms in the sea area, making them stronger, ferocious and crueler."</p> 
<p>"The saintess' task is to go the center of Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea and sing with all her strength, using her song to dispel the demonic aura, otherwise, as time goes on, the demonic aura in Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea will keep on getting stronger, making the living beings in the sea area become more tyrannical and invasive. This demonic aura is infectious as well, which will expand the area of Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea."</p> 
<p>Xia Lin showed a surprised expression as it was the first time she heard this secret: "Even with support and ample preparations, the previous saintesses had to face extreme danger. If I go in alone without your help, it is almost like seeking death?"</p> 
<p>"Not almost, but definitely!" Zhao Lu's tone was firm.</p> 
<p>She expected this could persuade Xia Lin but did not expect Xia Lin to still reject: "Even so, I won't collaborate."</p> 
<p>"Even if it will result in your death?" Zhao Lu's expression was cold.</p> 
<p>It was not that Xia Lin did not have hesitation, but the image of Fang Yuan in her mind made her insist on abiding by the agreement she made with Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"Yes, I am sure, even if I die."</p> 
<p>Zhao Lu was so furious that she laughed: "If so… I only wish you good luck!"</p> 
<p>The sisters parted on a bad note.</p> 
<p>"Haha, it finally appeared!" In front of Merit Obelisk, Fang Yuan's eyes emitted bright light.</p> 
<p>A new task had appeared on Merit Obelisk — help the new saintess complete her most important mission!</p> 
<p>The task did not provide any details, by only looking at this task, outsiders would have no idea what the mission was.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan had already inquired about it. In the Merman Sacred Court, the selected saintess had one important mission - to purify Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan could only enter Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea if there was such a task.</p> 
<p>But the issue was: Fang Yuan was not sure if this task would appear on the Merit Obelisk. So he needed to support a saintess and this saintess should have low strength with no one to rely on.</p> 
<p>If so, the saintess would have no way to complete her mission and would require the help of outsiders.</p> 
<p>In this grotto-heaven, there were no local Gu Immortals besides the suppressed demonic immortal. Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea was extremely dangerous, accumulating demonic aura at set intervals. The restraining method of the grotto-heaven was to select a saintess to quell it without regarding the sacrifices.</p> 
<p>The saintess' mission was extremely important, if there was no successor to the saintess position for too long of a time, the demonic aura might even pervade the whole grotto-heaven. But naturally, there might also be some backup methods left by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.</p> 
<p>What Fang Yuan did was to hasten the appearance of this task as far as possible.</p> 
<p>And from the results, his plan worked perfectly.</p> 
<p>Without any hesitation, Fang Yuan accepted the task and was once again teleported to Sacred City.</p> 
<p>Several days later.</p> 
<p>Saintess Xia Lin stood on a giant tortoise that was slowly advancing towards Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea.</p> 
<p>Behind her stood Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>The journey was tranquil and calm, but all of a sudden, a gale blew towards them carrying with it crying sounds: "I really regret it! Why did I have to provoke Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, I regret it so much!"</p> 
<p>Xia Lin jolted, quickly looking at Fang Yuan: "Master Chu…."</p> 
<p>"No worries." Fang Yuan smiled while secretly using wisdom path methods to calm Xia Lin and the giant tortoise.</p> 
<p>The crying sounds seemed like an immortal killer move that could disturb an ordinary being's emotions and mind.</p> 
<p>The nearer they reached Demon Suppression Regret Crying Sea, the louder and more concentrated the crying sound became.</p> 
<p>"I regret it! I should not have killed so many people."</p> 
<p>"I painfully regret it! I should not have chased after power, it would have been much better if I had stayed behind to look after my parents as a filial son!"</p> 
<p>"I truly repent! I deceived everyone and concealed Immortal Gu, I let a friend, who trusted me the most, carry the blame so I could get benefits!"</p> 
<p>…</p> 
<p>The mournful cries made Xia Lin's face pale, while Fang Yuan instead became more excited because he already felt the large immortal formation in this place.</p> 
<p>"I am now almost certain regret Gu is here! But if I take regret Gu, will it destroy Paradise Earth's arrangements and trigger his backup methods?" Fang Yuan was doubtful.</p> 
<p>Regret Gu was very important, it was used to suppress the giant demon in the sea and was clearly not included in Paradise Earth's true inheritance.</p> 
<p>But as far as Fang Yuan was concerned, it was a crucial Gu worm he had to take and he had decided to take the risk.</p> 
<p>He focused his mind, activating investigative methods with all his strength, this demon suppression regret crying formation gradually appeared in his mind, becoming increasingly clearer.</p> 
<p>This time, it was Fang Yuan who became pale.</p> 
<p>"Such a powerful formation, it is as vast as the sky! My formation path attainment level is high and I also have extremely powerful wisdom path methods, but I would need at least dozens of years to comprehend all the profundities of this large formation!"</p> 
<p>Cold sweat started seeping out of Fang Yuan's forehead when his mind suddenly jolted: "Regret Gu!"</p> 
<p>He discovered regret Gu.</p> 
<p>Although regret Gu was hidden, Fang Yuan had already determined regret Gu was hiding somewhere in the center of the sea area through all kinds of clues and arrangements.</p> 
<p>"How should I take regret Gu? If I move rashly and trigger the formation's backlash, it would end up badly!"</p> 
<p>"Maybe I can rely on reverse flow protection seal to resist it one time?"</p> 
<p>"Or borrow the strength of the suppressed demon?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan analyzed continuously in his mind.</p> 
<p>If the demon was released, all the living beings of this small world might face extreme misery and suffering, but Fang Yuan had no misgivings or pity.</p> 
<p>Just as Fang Yuan was thinking, a change occurred.</p> 
<p>The large formation suddenly activated, regret Gu shot out directly towards Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>At the same time, an extremely boundless force emerged and pressed on Fang Yuan's body.</p> 
<p>"What happened?!" At the next moment, Fang Yuan disappeared, directly leaving this grotto-heaven of Paradise Earth.</p>
    </body>
</html>
