<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1203: Shameless</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1203: Shameless</h1>
        
        <p>"I don't know if you are afraid or not, but we can all see whether you dare or not." A Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortal sneered.</p> 
<p>He had pure Bai Zu bloodline, behind him was Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, even Chu Du did not have a sway over him.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan lightly glanced at this person, the latter looked back without any fear.</p> 
<p>Clearly, Fang Yuan stealing the eagle nests had caused the hatred with Bai Zu tribe to be big.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan swept his gaze around, the Gu Immortals all gazed back at him with doubts, curiosity, uncertainty, anticipation and so on. Especially, Xue Wu Hen who was beside him, his gaze was shining.</p> 
<p>"Not fighting."</p> 
<p>"What kind of person am I?"</p> 
<p>"This weakling?"</p> 
<p>"Hehe, not worthy of me making a move."</p> 
<p>"In the future, when my biography is written, my first battle after seclusion is against Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, but the second battle is with this thing? There won't be any splendor even if I win against such a minor character of Ye Lui tribe."</p> 
<p>No matter how open-minded Ye Lui Qun Xing was, his tone unavoidably had become colder from anger: "Hmph, so much nonsense! You have said so much, come fight me if you have guts!"</p> 
<p>"You don't have enough qualifications." Fang Yuan held his hands behind his back, head raised and chest out, as he looked at Ye Lui Qun Xing with unconcealed contempt.</p> 
<p>Many Gu Immortals' eyes widened.</p> 
<p>They really wanted to ask: Ye Lui Qun Xing actually doesn't have enough qualifications, then who has the qualifications? What qualifications do you have? I really don't understand where you are getting such confidence from!</p> 
<p>You are clearly a demonic path lone cultivator, who knows where you came from. Ye Lui Qun Xing fighting you is giving you face, giving you the chance to perform and gain some glory.</p> 
<p>But the person involved, Fang Yuan, clearly did not have such a thought.</p> 
<p>The immortals began discussing, the situation had become noisy from the clamor.</p> 
<p>They were all talking about Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan turned a deaf ear to their words.</p> 
<p>After a while, Gong Wan Ting's expression turned cold, lightly calling out: "Enough, do you all want to make the grand blood battle martial competition into a joke?"</p> 
<p>The righteous path immortals immediately turned silent.</p> 
<p>Gong Wan Ting then looked at Chu Du: "Could it be that your side only has troublemakers remaining? Stalling for so long will only make others ridicule you."</p> 
<p>Facing the overbearing Gong Wan Ting, Chu Du did not reply, instead looking at Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan ignored Chu Du's gaze and slightly turned towards the side, pointing backwards: "You."</p> 
<p>"Me?" A former supreme elder of Hei tribe, currently a Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortal, was completely stumped, not having expected Fang Yuan to suddenly point towards him.</p> 
<p>"Go take the fight, if he can win against you, it means he has some qualifications for me to make a move once." Fang Yuan's tone was still very arrogant, even his own side's Gu Immortals felt their teeth itch from hearing him.</p> 
<p>The immortals' gazes turned towards this unlucky person.</p> 
<p>This Gu Immortal immediately felt huge pressure.</p> 
<p>His anger was boiling: "Who did I provoke to suddenly send me to battle? Moreover, why the hell are you commanding me? I am a Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortal, even Domination Immortal Chu Du can only discuss with me. How can you, a mere second supreme elder, command me?"</p> 
<p>This Gu Immortal had decided to refuse.</p> 
<p>But then he heard the discussions of other immortals.</p> 
<p>For instance —</p> 
<p>"Ye Lui Qun Xing is so strong, he has already defeated four people in a row. Now, letting this person fight, isn't it letting the enemy gain more battle achievements?"</p> 
<p>"Hmph, this person is only a minor character, Ye Lui Qun Xing can easily beat two of this guy."</p> 
<p>"He is a Hei tribe Gu Immortal, although his surname has changed to Bai Zu, can he really fight to the death with a Huang Jin bloodline Gu Immortal?"</p> 
<p>Wow!</p> 
<p>When these discussions resounded in this Gu Immortal's ears, he immediately realized that he had no choice but to go to battle.</p> 
<p>He fiercely glared at Fang Yuan, unfortunately, Fang Yuan had already turned around, facing him with his back.</p> 
<p>The Bai Zu tribe Gu Immortal was furious and aggrieved, but could only give in and fly to the stage.</p> 
<p>There was nothing unusual about the battle.</p> 
<p>This Gu Immortal was clearly weaker than Ye Lui Qun Xing. After exchanging ten or so moves, he lost.</p> 
<p>"I hope Elder Liu Guan Yi can fight now and enlighten us." This Bai Zu Gu Immortal carried his injuries back, and his first words were to sarcastically speak to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan snorted: "You are too weak."</p> 
<p>The Bai Zu Gu Immortal suppressed his anger: "I am indeed too weak, elder should show his divine prowess."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's following words almost made him flare up —</p> 
<p>"Taking so long to fight with a weakling like you. I have to admit I had overestimated that Ye Lui Qun Xing. Now, I have no interest to battle with him at all."</p> 
<p>"You!" The Bai Zu Gu Immortal was stifled to the point of being speechless.</p> 
<p>The immortals' gaze towards Fang Yuan were also vaguely changing.</p> 
<p>Xue Wu Hen's expression was even more blatant, he sized up Fang Yuan with intense suspicion.</p> 
<p>"So it was like this. The so-called Chu Sect's second supreme elder is just a poser." Ye Lui Qun Xing scoffed, his scoff felt piercing to Chu Du's side's Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>"Lord Domination Immortal, have you ever seen him make a move?" Ye Lui Xiao Jin also added.</p> 
<p>Chu Du was silent, he had sensed Fang Yuan's strange behavior but decided to wait and watch.</p> 
<p>"Elder Liu Guan Yi, if you truly have skills, go kill him!" That Gu Immortal of Bai Zu tribe sneered.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan lightly shook his head, boasting shamelessly: "How can you comprehend my power? That's why you will never have the hope of becoming an expert like me."</p> 
<p>Ye Lui Qun Xing flicked his sleeves and walked away. He knew Fang Yuan could not be forced to fight.</p> 
<p>In truth, after fighting five people in a row, he was indeed feeling exhaustion. His immortal essence expenditure was still good, the main thing was that his mind had been taxed a lot.</p> 
<p>Seeing him retrieve the star fragments and leave, many on Chu Du's side let out a sigh of relief.</p> 
<p>Ye Lui Xiao Jin was also extremely happy, as he raised his head high and ran to the entrance of Golden Dawn Hall to welcome Ye Lui Qun Xing.</p> 
<p>How could they have known Fang Yuan to speak: "Look, he is indeed afraid of me, even if I didn't enter the battle, he has been feeling frightened, now he is unable to maintain his cool any longer, having no choice but to leave."</p> 
<p>Ye Lui Qun Xing's steps slightly paused.</p> 
<p>Xue Wu Hen's eyes widened, as he gazed at Fang Yuan and thought: "There is actually such a shameless person in this world? It has really opened my eyes. Brother Chu actually gave this person the status of second supreme elder, perhaps his judgment has dulled."</p> 
<p>Ye Lui Xiao Jin's mouth almost twisted from anger.</p> 
<p>On the contrary, Ye Lui Hui Hong's expression slightly changed, he squinted his eyes and started looking at Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Ye Lui Qun Xing shook his head, continuing to leave without even glancing at Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed loudly: "Ye Lui Qun Xing, f*ck your eighteen generations of ancestors!"</p> 
<p>The whole scene was silent, before they suddenly burst into an uproar.</p> 
<p>Where is your disposition? Where is it?</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortals screamed internally.</p> 
<p>Who could have thought the elegant looking Fang Yuan would swear out loud in public. Even if they were fighting for their lives, Gu Immortals always maintained their disposition, after all, they all praised themselves as being righteous. Cursing like this in front of everyone was really letting go of one's reputation.</p> 
<p>"His good looks are wasted." A Gu Immortal gazed at Fang Yuan, shaking their head constantly.</p> 
<p>No doubt, the favorable impression Fang Yuan gave to the immortals at first glance was already ruined.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed sinisterly, suddenly walking to the battle stage: "Ye Lui whatever, I am here, didn't you want to fight with me?"</p> 
<p>Ye Lui Qun Xing stopped and gazed back.</p> 
<p>The atmosphere of the whole scene changed.</p> 
<p>Inside Golden Dawn Hall, Ye Lui Hui Hong was sitting upright, his expression solemn: "Qun Xing, careful, this person is doing something underhanded. Come back."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's earlier and later attitude made Ye Lui Hui Hong realize that something was fishy.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed heartily: "Gutless rat, Ye Lui tribe is made up of cowards, you are a bunch of bastards..."</p> 
<p>All kinds of derogatory terms were thrown out one after the other.</p> 
<p>The immortals were stupefied as they listened.</p> 
<p>Chu Du wanted to cover his face, Fang Yuan did not have even a bit of elegance, he was destroying the image of Chu Sect.</p> 
<p>A piece of rat poop spoils an entire pot of soup!</p> 
<p>It was the first time Chu Du reconsidered on his decision to draw in Fang Yuan, was it correct?</p> 
<p>But no matter what anyone said, Fang Yuan's provocation was effective.</p> 
<p>The righteous path was easier to deal with than demonic path and lone cultivators in certain aspects. Especially when the question was about reputation. When it involved the tribe and bloodline, even if one did not care on the inside and was willing to ignore the other's cursing, in front of the public, with so many outsiders watching fixedly, it became another situation.</p> 
<p>The super forces which were held together by bloodline and blood relations protected and attached great importance to the reputations of their ancestors.</p> 
<p>This was their basic moral philosophy!</p> 
<p>"Qun Xing, come back. I will personally face the skills of this Chu Sect's second supreme elder." Ye Lui Hui Hong stood up.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan unavoidably felt disappointed inwardly, but laughed on the surface: "Ye Lui Qun Xing, it's time to scram."</p> 
<p>Ye Lui Qun Xing waved his hand at Ye Lui Hui Hong, smiling at Fang Yuan, revealing his white teeth: "Since it is so hard to find a chance for you to fight, how can I avoid the battle and escape? It is just that I have fought hard for five battles, and need to rest for a while."</p> 
<p>Such a request was completely fair.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan smiled, this Ye Lui Qun Xing could still be so cool-headed. But he also did not expect these words to be able to make these Gu Immortals lose their rationality from anger.</p> 
<p>In truth, his pestering had already reached his target.</p> 
<p>So, Fang Yuan immediately allowed: "Rest as much as you want, I will give you two or three days. If two or three days are not enough, then take two or three years, hahaha!"</p> 
<p>"Hehe, an hour is enough." Ye Lui Qun Xing smiled with clenched teeth.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was really detestable, Ye Lui Qun Xing was naturally very angry.</p> 
<p>But he was also very aware of his own situation.</p> 
<p>His immortal essence expenditure was not much and he still had a lot of reserves left. Resting for an hour was mainly to restore his mental energy. He had his own methods for this, and after an hour, he could completely recover to his peak state!</p> 
<p>At that time, he will let this Liu Guan Yi taste his power!</p> 
<p>This hour of time appeared somewhat unbearable as the Gu Immortals waited.</p> 
<p>Finally, Ye Lui Qun Xing recovered and walked to the stage, standing opposite Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"Liu Guan Yi, I..." Ye Lui Qun Xing was just about to speak when Fang Yuan's body suddenly erupted with dazzling silver light.</p> 
<p>At the next instance, a silver colored ancient sword dragon shot out of the light.</p> 
<p>It had a sharp dragon horn, its mouth was opened wide, revealing it to be densely filled with sharp fangs.</p> 
<p>"So despicable!"</p> 
<p>"He actually sneak attacked!!"</p> 
<p>The righteous path's immortals scolded at once.</p> 
<p>The ancient sword dragon had already neared Ye Lui Qun Xing.</p>
    </body>
</html>
