<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1507: Qing Clan&apos;s Inheritance</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1507: Qing Clan&apos;s Inheritance</h1>
        <p><a epub:type="noteref" href="#n1"></a></p>
        <p>"Oh? There was such a thing. Looks like he had a fortuitous encounter. But since I already said it, I will let him go, do you want me to go against my own words?" Fang Yuan's expression changed slightly as he looked at Fang Yun and Fang Leng with a sharp and cold gaze.</p> 
<p>Fang Yun and Fang Leng looked at each other, feeling Fang Yuan's sharp gaze piercing into their hearts. He quickly looked away, not daring to meet Fang Yuan's gaze.</p> 
<p>At the same time, he exclaimed inwardly: "This benefactor is so domineering, he is really not easy to interact with."</p> 
<p>On the contrary, Fang Leng's mind calmed: "Good, this person is a man of his word, even with such a huge temptation like a rank eight Immortal Gu in front of him, he still stands by his words, he can be said to be extremely conceited. But only like this can the two of us have a chance of survival."</p> 
<p>Thinking of this, Fang Leng struggled to get up: "I am Fang Leng and this is my junior brother Fang Yun, we thank senior for saving us."</p> 
<p>"Mm." Fang Yuan lightly nodded, before suddenly stretching out his hands.</p> 
<p>A formless force burst out, sucking both Fang Leng and Fang Yun to Fang Yuan's hands.</p> 
<p>Fang Leng's heart jumped but he restrained himself, while Fang Yun cried out in shock and panic.</p> 
<p>But shortly, when the two saw that Fang Yuan was getting rid of their shackles, they put their minds at ease.</p> 
<p>To Fang Yuan, Old Ghost Bai Jun's methods were not anything novel. He soon saw through it completely, then started removing it.</p> 
<p>A move that could bind Fang Yun and Fang Leng was naturally an immortal method, but Fang Yuan had a killer move like 'purple thought perception starlight' and was able to easily get rid of it.</p> 
<p>Fang Leng and Fang Yun soon regained their freedom.</p> 
<p>The two gave thanks once again, but their minds were fluctuating as they thought: "This person is so domineering, although he saved us, he never asked us our opinions and immediately made a move."</p> 
<p>They could hardly imagine this was all done intentionally by Fang Yuan. He succeeded in ingraining a self-conceited and domineering image in these two Fang clan Gu Immortals' minds.</p> 
<p>"You can address me as Suan Bu Jin." Fang Yuan said, introducing himself.</p> 
<p>But with his second sentence, Fang Yuan drove them off: "I mainly cultivate wisdom path, and have inherited Zheng Jing Shen's inheritance which is why I saved you two. You can leave now."</p> 
<p>"Ah?" Fang Yun was dazed.</p> 
<p>"Junior shall deeply remember senior's kindness, and will report it to the clan. Senior, will you remain in green ghost desert?" Fang Leng pulled Fang Yun's sleeve, then respectfully inquired.</p> 
<p>"I have a use for these soul beasts, I saved you two not for any benefits, go now." Fang Yuan waved his hand coldly, his gaze revealing a trace of impatience.</p> 
<p>Fang Leng and Fang Yun did not dare to disturb him again. Both bowed in respect before flying away.</p> 
<p>After a while, the two had disappeared over the horizon.</p> 
<p>"I did not expect Old Ghost Bai Jun to have a rank eight Immortal Gu. I wonder what Gu it is, how did those two Fang clan Gu Immortals know of it, did Old Ghost Bai Jun use the Gu in front of them?" Fang Yuan pondered.</p> 
<p>Old Ghost Bai Jun only had rank seven cultivation but could use rank eight Immortal Gu, this signified he had some special method, or this rank eight Immortal Gu was a top-tier Gu like attitude Gu.</p> 
<p>Regardless of the reason, Fang Yuan was moved.</p> 
<p>"But…"</p> 
<p>"There is no hurry to find trouble with Old Ghost Bai Jun."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan slightly drooped his eyebrows as he had a sensation in his mind which showed Old Ghost Bai Jun's location.</p> 
<p>With his cautious nature, Fang Yuan had already planted an investigative method on Old Ghost Bai Jun the moment he made a move. Although Fang Yuan let Old Ghost Bai Jun go, he actually had a firm grasp on the latter's whereabouts.</p> 
<p>In the past, Fang Yuan did not have such methods. But recently, he had whole-heartedly immersed himself in cultivation, he had a lot more methods than before.</p> 
<p>"Senior brother, do you think that benefactor knew Old Ghost Bai Jun had a rank eight Immortal Gu, so he wanted to save us quickly before going after Old Ghost Bai Jun?" While flying, Fang Yun suddenly asked.</p> 
<p>Fang Leng thought for a moment before shaking his head: "With my understanding of Senior Suan Bu Jin, that should not be the case."</p> 
<p>Fang Yun could not hold back his laughter: "From your words, you sound like you are familiar with senior. Aren't you the same as me, meeting senior for the first time before being driven away?"</p> 
<p>Fang Leng glanced at Fang Yun: "The rank eight Immortal Gu is indeed a huge matter, but this senior is extremely proud and aloof by nature. I am probably not wrong in this. Furthermore, we did not specifically inform him of what that rank eight Immortal Gu was. If senior truly wanted to go capture Old Ghost Bai Jun, wouldn't he have asked us about what this rank eight Immortal Gu is and what its ability is?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yun smacked his forehead: "Your analysis makes sense, looks like senior really is not going to hunt Old Ghost Bai Jun. Sigh! That Old Ghost Bai Jun tormented us so badly, I was hoping senior would put him in his place."</p> 
<p>Fang Leng shook his head: "That rank eight Immortal Gu soul beast token can command soul beasts. If senior led his soul beast army to fight, he would probably suffer huge losses. We should first return and inform the clan, let the other supreme elders decide."</p> 
<p>Green ghost desert was near Fang clan's territory. After flying for a while, Fang Yun and Fang Leng arrived before an immortal formation.</p> 
<p>Using this immortal formation, they teleported a long distance, arriving directly at the clan's headquarters.</p> 
<p>Fang Yun and Fang Leng bade farewell. Fang Leng went to report to first supreme elder, while Fang Yun went to report this to second supreme elder Fang Di Chang.</p> 
<p>Fang clan's affairs were basically decided by first supreme elder and second supreme elder.</p> 
<p>After hearing of this matter, the two elders first placated Fang Leng and Fang Yun, before meeting to discuss this matter.</p> 
<p>Second supreme elder asked: "Does first supreme elder know of Zheng Jing Shen?"</p> 
<p>First supreme elder slightly nodded: "This person was a legendary lone cultivator tens of thousands of years ago, and had quite some relation with our Fang clan. In his earlier years of cultivation, he had received financial support from our clan, and he even had a love affair with a clan ancestor. Unfortunately, the ancestor died in a battle and Zheng Jing Shen did not join Fang clan."</p> 
<p>Second supreme elder immediately came to a realization.</p> 
<p>Although super forces paid heavy importance to familial relations and bloodline, they would often take in new blood. Especially if they discover some Gu Immortal seeds, these super forces would often support these seeds with resources.</p> 
<p>If these people truly became Gu Immortals, the super force would then recruit them as their members.</p> 
<p>Naturally, such situations were rare.</p> 
<p>On one hand, they were only giving casual support in the first place as the probability of a mortal becoming an immortal was tiny.</p> 
<p>On the other hand, even if they became a Gu Immortal, most of them were geniuses and elites with their own plans, they might not be willing to join a super force.</p> 
<p>But even if these people did not want to join, the kindness of the past was enough to build a close relationship.</p> 
<p>Just by being able to draw lone immortals to their side, all the previous investment the super force made would be worth it.</p> 
<p>Zheng Jing Shen was a remarkable example of this, if not for the accident, he would have joined Fang clan.</p> 
<p>Naturally, he would have to marry into Fang clan.</p> 
<p>His children would also be surnamed Fang.</p> 
<p>"Zheng Jing Shen's matter is rather concealed, many are not even aware of him. This Suan Bu Jin is probably not lying." First supreme elder added.</p> 
<p>Second supreme elder slightly frowned: "Nothing can be said before the matter is verified. There is also the possibility of him teaming up with Old Ghost Bai Jun."</p> 
<p>First supreme elder's gaze turned heavy: "If that is truly the case, then Suan Bu Jin probably collaborated with Old Ghost Bai Jun to get close to my Fang clan for Qing clan's legacy."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan of course had his scheme by intentionally showing goodwill and saving the two Fang clan Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>But in the discussion between the two Fang clan supreme elders, they had instead grouped him together with Old Ghost Bai Jun and even mentioned Qing clan.</p> 
<p>This Qing clan was also a super force, but a long exterminated one.</p> 
<p>The one who slaughtered the entire Qing clan was none other than the young Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.</p> 
<p>Before Spectral Soul Demon Venerable became a venerable, because of a certain irreconcilable conflict, he fought against the entirety of Qing clan alone.</p> 
<p>If Qing clan had known Spectral Soul would become a venerable in the future, they would definitely not dare to go against such a person. Unfortunately, Qing clan belittled Spectral Soul because of their superiority in numbers and assets.</p> 
<p>Spectral Soul Demon Venerable grew up step by step, fighting again and again, getting stronger the more he battled. In the end, he arrived at Qing clan's headquarters and fought an intense battle, slaughtering the entirety of Qing clan. Many Qing clan Gu Immortals perished in the battle. The dao marks of Spectral Soul's killer moves, the Gu Immortals' corpses, and the dao marks from the destruction of immortal apertures were all engraved on the battlefield which became the current green ghost desert.</p> 
<p id="r1">It was called 'green<a epub:type="noteref" href="#n1" role="doc-noteref">[1]</a> ghost', because it referenced 'Qing clan', the former super force.</p> 
<p>Although Qing clan was exterminated, it was rumored that Qing clan's first supreme elder, before his death, sealed all the clan resources and buried them in a certain location in green ghost desert, leaving behind an inheritance.</p> 
<p>There was only one condition to inherit this inheritance, it was that the inheritor must take revenge for Qing clan by killing Spectral Soul! If Spectral Soul was already dead, then the target of revenge moved to Spectral Soul's family, friends, and disciples.</p> 
<p>Regretfully, Spectral Soul became a Demon Venerable, the whole world was not his opponent, and that era groveled at his feet. Qing clan's inheritance became a joke.</p> 
<p>Fang clan was the nearest super force to green ghost desert, and thus was much more informed. When Qing clan was exterminated, Fang clan's ancestors began to actively search for the clues to Qing clan's inheritance.</p> 
<p>After generations of effort, the fragmented clues were pieced together, becoming increasingly valuable.</p> 
<p>Now, in this generation, the clues were already completed, and with a vague responsive method, the clan had begun searching green ghost desert.</p> 
<p>First supreme elder sighed: "We don't have enough strength to control green ghost desert, not to mention that we have no methods to restrict soul beasts, the number of Gu Immortals we can mobilize is also few. If not for this, we would have no need to let Fang Leng and Fang Yun take the risk. Who could have expected their adventure would involve people like Old Ghost Bai Jun and Suan Bu Jin."</p> 
<p>"I have heard of Old Ghost Bai Jun, and he actually has the rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token! And that Suan Bu Jin's appearance is too sudden, his origin is covered in mystery and he has powerful methods. Regardless of what the relationship of these two is, they are obstacles that our Fang clan needs to go through to search for Qing clan's inheritance."</p> 
<p>Second supreme elder nodded.</p> 
<p>Fang clan had many assets and networks, their Gu Immortals needed to defend the territories. But Qing clan's inheritance was tempting, especially when the clues mentioned that Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace, which was created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable and left in Western Desert! Its value was extremely high and left behind a heavy mark in history.</p> 
<p>Fang clan was famous for its Gu houses, Divine Bean Palace had a high importance to them. Their resolve to explore Qing clan's inheritance and obtain Divine Bean Palace was not a matter of a generation or two, but was carried by generations after generations!</p> 
<p id="n1" role="doc-footnote" epub:type="footnote">[1] Green is written as Qing here. <a href="#r1">Back</a></p>
    </body>
</html>
