<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1699: Attacking Everywhere</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1699: Attacking Everywhere</h1>
        
        <p>Unification Sect was one of the sign up locations of the Refinement Path Convention, it was filled with people as well.</p> 
<p>"The Refinement Path Convention is about to start! To think that I would get a second chance in this lifetime, thank the heavens." A middle aged Gu Master sighed deeply.</p> 
<p>The Gu Masters nearby recognized him as they started to talk among themselves.</p> 
<p>"Quickly look, it is refinement path master Luo Sheng!"</p> 
<p>"He had lost in the previous Refinement Path Convention due to some accident, it seems he wants to compete again."</p> 
<p>"Normally, the Refinement Path Convention is held once in a hundred years, Luo Sheng was not supposed to have a chance. But to think that ten years later, the ten great ancient sects would hold it again!"</p> 
<p>The middle aged Gu Master heard their discussions as he kept a peaceful expression.</p> 
<p>He was way beyond the age of vanity, he just wanted to prove himself now.</p> 
<p>"My opponents this time cannot be underestimated."</p> 
<p>"Even though I worked very hard during this period, Central Continent is too huge, the five regions have countless geniuses."</p> 
<p>"And even at this spot, there are already many new talents…"</p> 
<p>The middle aged Gu Master looked around, focusing his attention on three Gu Masters. One was an old man that had been reputed for many years, he was also a refinement path master. Another was a young man, and the last one was a young girl. The former had performed well in the previous convention while the latter was a rising star that had emerged in the last ten years.</p> 
<p>"This Refinement Path Convention is still going to be that intense!"</p> 
<p>"I must make good use of this opportunity, I cannot fail anymore…"</p> 
<p>"I will prove myself, I will let my wife and children be proud!"</p> 
<p>Boom!</p> 
<p>At the next moment, a huge ancient year beast descended from the sky, crushing the entire hall to ruins.</p> 
<p>The middle aged Gu Master's grand ambitions vanished into thin air.</p> 
<p>The young Gu Master with a great future, the genius young girl who was highly thought of died pathetically on the spot, her bones and flesh were mashed together, even her corpse could not be seen clearly.</p> 
<p>"Onto the next location." In the sky, Fang Yuan's figure flickered and vanished.</p> 
<p>This was the fifteenth spot that he had attacked.</p> 
<p>Central Continent lost many Gu Masters, these were just mortal Gu Masters, how could they handle the ancient year beasts?</p> 
<p>Even rank six Gu Immortals might not be able to face these ancient year beasts.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan slaughtered these Gu Masters mercilessly, he created lots of bloodshed, more and more talented Gu Masters were killed, even Heavenly Court was feeling heartache.</p> 
<p>"This demon Fang Yuan, he is truly evil and vicious, he came to cause trouble after all!"</p> 
<p>"Damn it, are we going to watch and do nothing?"</p> 
<p>"Lady Zi Wei, I wonder if…"</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei shook her head: "Fang Yuan is very vigilant, he only sent out ancient year beasts each time to attack, even though he slaughtered many Gu Masters and caused great chaos, he rarely attacked personally."</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei sighed deeply: "His wisdom path attainment is truly deep, he knows that the more he attacks, the more clues he would leave behind, and the more easily we can find him. It is very hard for me to locate him, I will need more clues and even more time."</p> 
<p>"But how can he have so many ancient year beasts?" Some Gu Immortals frowned.</p> 
<p>"According to Southern Border's information, Xia Cha had a year essence pool in her immortal aperture, he should have used this to capture so many year beasts." Fairy Zi Wei said.</p> 
<p>Even though her expression was calm, she was filled with rage.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was a Gu Immortal yet he attacked these mortals without restraint, he was really bullying the weak and was simply too shameless, he had no bottom line!</p> 
<p>Most demonic path Gu Immortals would not do this.</p> 
<p>This was the tacit consensus among Gu Immortals, but Fang Yuan broke it without concern.</p> 
<p>"This Fang Yuan is truly the greatest plague to all lifeforms in this world!" Fairy Zi Wei was furious while feeling sadness for those innocent lives: "The longer he lives in this world, the more lifeforms he would harm and kill."</p> 
<p>Duke Long was truly calm, his heart was like a tranquil lake.</p> 
<p>"Good, Fang Yuan showed up, didn't we expect this to happen? Follow our plan, even if we have to pay a huge price, we must repair fate Gu!" Duke Long was immensely determined.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court's Gu Immortals heard his orders and realized: Nothing in this world could affect Duke Long's determination.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was a real problem, Heavenly Court could not ignore him, they had a plan already.</p> 
<p>Several days later, the people who were in deep fear of Fang Yuan's assaults received accurate proof and information.</p> 
<p>All evidence pointed to Fang Yuan, he was the culprit!</p> 
<p>Everyone was extremely riled up.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan has already become a Gu Immortal?!"</p> 
<p>"There really are immortals in this world…"</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, you killed my father, I will definitely take revenge for this immense hatred!"</p> 
<p>"Even rank fives are just ants if they do not become Gu Immortals."</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan is evidently trying to ruin the Refinement Path Convention, for the sake of my life, I'm not going."</p> 
<p>"Go! Why not? If we do not go, wouldn't we fall into that Fang Yuan's scheme?"</p> 
<p>"That's right, even though I am a mortal Gu Master and will not be Fang Yuan's match, to avenge my wife's death, I will even give up my life, I will not let this demon Fang Yuan succeed!"</p> 
<p>Some were fearful, some felt emotional, some backed out, while some became determined.</p> 
<p>Time passed, days went by, the Refinement Path Convention continued.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was all alone but Central Continent had many sign up locations for the Refinement Path Convention. Even though he had Fixed Immortal Travel, he could not eliminate every Gu Master that went.</p> 
<p>Because many places were secretly guarded by Central Continent's Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Especially when Heavenly Court made arrangements after Fang Yuan's attacks, they sent out missions to countless Gu Masters to move around and distribute tokens to other participants of the tests.</p> 
<p>This way, the participants in Central Continent became dispersed, nobody went to sign up locations, Fang Yuan's slaughter became very inefficient.</p> 
<p>Even though Fang Yuan tried, more than ten thousand Gu Masters died in his hands, but he could not stop the Refinement Path Convention from starting.</p> 
<p>The sign up phase was over, the true competition had already started.</p> 
<p>"Oh?" Fang Yuan appeared at a place in Central Continent, he was about to attack when he suddenly frowned.</p> 
<p>"Where are you going, Fang Yuan?"</p> 
<p>"Die!"</p> 
<p>A Central Continent rank eight Gu Immortal pounced at Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan gave a glance at him, he did not want to fight, he used his killer move to escape.</p> 
<p>"Central Continent's Gu Immortals have been getting faster and faster recently, is it because I've used Fixed Immortal Travel's killer move too frequently, they have already deduced it?"</p> 
<p>"Even so, they seem to be able to detect where I would show up, what is this investigative method? Time path?"</p> 
<p>At the next moment, Fang Yuan's surroundings changed, he was hundreds of thousands of li away from the previous place.</p> 
<p>But his expression was grim, he sensed acutely that three rank eight Gu Immortals were approaching him from three directions.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, where are you going?"</p> 
<p>"Heavenly Court has prepared more than ten investigative killer moves for you, you cannot escape!"</p> 
<p>"Especially one of them, it was created by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, known as people's accusation! Hahaha, demon, did you think of this? The more people you kill, the more hatred you gather, these mortal Gu Masters' hatred will continuously track you down."</p> 
<p>The three rank eights arrived before Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Immortal battlefield killer move — Rumor Cage!</p> 
<p>Suddenly, a fourth rank eight Gu Immortal appeared above Fang Yuan, using an immortal battlefield to trap him.</p> 
<p>"We caught Fang Yuan!"</p> 
<p>"Lord Zhou Xiong Xin's rumor cage is truly the battlefield killer move with the fastest activation time, even Fang Yuan could not react in time."</p> 
<p>The four Gu Immortals were overjoyed.</p> 
<p>"Lord Duke Long, we finally trapped Fang Yuan." Inside Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei was extremely excited.</p> 
<p>"Mm." Duke Long replied plainly.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei's eyes shined brightly: "Lord Duke Long, the chance is rare, I recommend that you act personally to eliminate this Fang Yuan now!"</p> 
<p>Duke Long shook his head: "Fang Yuan is nothing but a troublemaker, repairing fate Gu is the important thing now. It is not time for me to act."</p> 
<p>"Lord Duke Long…" Fairy Zi Wei wanted to speak more but suddenly, her expression changed.</p> 
<p>At this instant, Central Continent's areas, especially those that were holding refinement competitions, were targeted with Gu Immortal level attacks.</p> 
<p>In fact, not only refinement competition locations, even some famous resource points in Central Continent were attacked by Gu Immortals, they were looted.</p> 
<p>"Even Infallible blessed land is being attacked!" Fairy Zi Wei's expression was grim, she could not believe it: "There are actually so many Gu Immortals targeting us?"</p>
    </body>
</html>
