<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1102: Planning</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1102: Planning</h1>
        
        <p>"No, no." Hearing Chu Du's guess, wisdom path Gu Immortal Tian Xia Xin shook his head: "This insignia is made from an information path method, according to my deduction, it is an information path true inheritance. But the location of the true inheritance is not in Northern Plains, but Eastern Sea instead."</p> 
<p>"Eastern Sea, information path true inheritance?" Chu Du frowned, his expectations fell drastically.</p> 
<p>If it were a sword path true inheritance, there was little hope of him cultivating it anyway.</p> 
<p>The reason was simple, he cultivated strength path, his foundation in strength path dao marks was deep, it was difficult for him to cultivate other paths.</p> 
<p>But sword path had strong attacking power, and because of the historical records of the legendary 'pseudo-Immortal Venerable' Bo Qing, Chu Du gained a lot of curiosity.</p> 
<p>The moment he heard information path, the curiosity faded.</p> 
<p>Chu Du was a highly accomplished character who naturally knew the advantages of information path towards his cultivation, but he was straightforward and had grand ambitions, he had a preference for strong offensive methods instead.</p> 
<p>He was known as the Domination Immortal, there was a saying: There are only wrong names, not wrong titles.</p> 
<p>Chu Du could not cultivate sword path or information path, of course.</p> 
<p>In this world, throughout the past, present, and future, Fang Yuan was the only one who could cultivate all paths!</p> 
<p>If other Gu Immortals wanted to cultivate a second path, they would need to spend a lot of time and effort. Unless there was a special situation, or if they had an exemplary Immortal Gu, most would not do something like this with great disadvantages, it was not wise.</p> 
<p>Seeing Chu Du's expression, Tian Xia Xin knew what he was thinking, he quickly explained: "Brother Chu, don't look down on this insignia. According to my deduction, this was carved onto flying sword Immortal Gu at a later time. Such an information path method is unheard of, it was an eye-opener, this is definitely not ordinary!"</p> 
<p>Chu Du's expression became serious.</p> 
<p>After the reminder, he felt that Tian Xia Xin's words made much sense!</p> 
<p>If the carving was done on ordinary rocks or walls, that was normal. But it was done on a Gu worm, that was very rare.</p> 
<p>And this was flying sword Immortal Gu, a rank seven sword path Gu!</p> 
<p>Man is the spirit of all beings, Gu are the essence of heaven and earth.</p> 
<p>When Gu Immortals cultivate and undergo tribulations, they would gain more dao marks in their bodies. Meanwhile, Immortal Gu were fragments made of dao marks!</p> 
<p>The dao marks of different paths would resist and conflict with each other. This information path insignia had a trace of information path dao marks within it, but it could be carved on a container of sword path dao marks, and be kept for such a long time. This was like a ship floating in the sea, unmoved by all the currents around it.</p> 
<p>In this case, the information path method was simply extraordinary!</p> 
<p>"Brother Chu, can I negotiate with you?" Tian Xia Xin suddenly asked.</p> 
<p>Chu Du smiled lightly, he was not a wisdom path Gu Immortal, but he understood what Tian Xia Xin was going to say.</p> 
<p>Chu Du waved his hand, interrupting Tian Xia Xin, saying: "Brother Tian, please don't blame me. This flying sword Immortal Gu is not mine to begin with, it belongs to my friend. My friend had gone missing, so I got worried and wanted to deduce his location. The opportunity on this Immortal Gu also belongs to him."</p> 
<p>The deductions of wisdom path Gu Immortals did not come from thin air, they needed clues. The more clues there were, the easier the deduction could be done.</p> 
<p>Thus, wisdom path Gu Immortals often had a great desire towards information path methods.</p> 
<p>Tian Xia Xin was originally not interested in most information path methods, because he had inherited Old Immortal Tian Yuan's extraordinary wisdom path inheritance, he had very high standards. But because this information path true inheritance was too high quality, even a Gu Immortal as reserved as him was interested.</p> 
<p>"I see, I was too abrupt." Hearing Chu Du's rejection, Tian Xia Xin felt dejected, but he still returned flying sword Immortal Gu to Chu Du.</p> 
<p>This rank seven sword path Immortal Gu was used to deduce for clues, it was not the payment for his services.</p> 
<p>Of course, Chu Du asked Tian Xia Xin to make a deduction for him, he paid a hefty price.</p> 
<p>"The deduction did not succeed, according to the rules, I will take only half of the payment." Tian Xia Xin looked at the flying sword Immortal Gu in Chu Du's hands longingly, he sighed and said this.</p> 
<p>Chu Du shook his head, laughing: "No need, even though my goal was not achieved, it was not for nothing. Brother Tian is indeed the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal in Northern Plains, it was worth the price. I will take my leave."</p> 
<p>Chu Du was the Domination Immortal, but he was not a rash person lacking interpersonal skills.</p> 
<p>Tian Xia Xin was one of the few wisdom path experts in Northern Plains, he would likely need his help again in the future, how could Chu Du worsen their relationship?</p> 
<p>"This..." Tian Xia Xin hesitated.</p> 
<p>But Chu Du had already left, he did things quickly and resolutely, he left without hesitation.</p> 
<p>When he left, he was quite happy.</p> 
<p>The rank seven Immortal Gu Flying Sword was already very precious, now that it also had an information path true inheritance clue, Chu Du felt that Fang Yuan would never give up on it. This way, he had a way to pressure Fang Yuan!</p> 
<p>"I must obtain the method to draw out Reckless Savage's true meaning no matter what!" Chu Du felt a flame burning inside him.</p> 
<p>Tian Xia Xin saw Chu Du leaving, he sighed helplessly.</p> 
<p>If it were others, he might have gone ahead to snatch it. But that was the Domination Immortal!</p> 
<p>Chu Du only cultivated strength path, while Tian Xia Xin cultivated wisdom path, but Tian Xia Xin did not have the courage to scheme against Chu Du.</p> 
<p>Strength path was declining like the setting sun, while wisdom path was precious and rare. But throughout history, there was no strongest path, only a strongest Gu Immortal, no path or Gu worm could be known as the strongest.</p> 
<p>Man is the spirit of all living beings, Gu are the essence of heaven and earth. To humans, Gu worms were just tools!</p> 
<p>Time passed, the commotion in Northern Plains intensified.</p> 
<p>The web around Hei tribe was starting to tighten.</p> 
<p>Like what Fang Yuan had predicted, Hei tribe was resisting the entire Northern Plains Gu Immortal world, how could they win?</p> 
<p>Even though Hei tribe's Gu Immortals resisted strongly, they still lost bit by bit, with no hopes of winning. The intense aura of blood attracted more and more hungry sharks that came after Hei tribe's immense assets.</p> 
<p>Hei tribe headquarters, Iron Eagle blessed land.</p> 
<p>Right now, Hei tribe's Gu Immortals were gathered, there was a gloomy atmosphere.</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng's four top supreme elders were seated at the highest position. Hei Cheng was captured by Fang Yuan, his good friend Hei Bai was injured. The other six Hei tribe Gu Immortals were all rank six.</p> 
<p>The atmosphere was heavy.</p> 
<p>"The tribe is facing a calamity, we are all pillars that hold up Hei tribe, let's talk about it, how can we survive this crisis?" First supreme elder initiated, breaking the silence.</p> 
<p>But Hei tribe's Gu Immortals simply looked at one another in turn, nobody said a thing.</p> 
<p>This was not the first meeting.</p> 
<p>In the earlier meeting, they were participating actively. Some suggested that they should fight back strongly, they should punish and take down all those who try to infringe on Hei tribe's property. Of course, their goal was to achieve peace.</p> 
<p>Peace could only be obtained after fighting.</p> 
<p>Hei tribe's Gu Immortals were not stupid, they knew this.</p> 
<p>Unfortunately, even though they understood this, Hei tribe's Gu Immortals could not rival so many enemies, even though they fought back, they were forced back. Almost all of Hei tribe's Gu Immortals were injured now. One rank six Gu Immortal even died.</p> 
<p>Second supreme elder sighed: "If not for the fact that an accident happened when we used Green City Rampage, causing us to be unable to separate, the situation would be much better now."</p> 
<p>Hei tribe occupied a lot of resources, but Hei tribe Gu Immortals were few, and most of them were rank six. Against the attacking forces, Hei tribe was too weak, and had little battle strength, they could not control the situation.</p> 
<p>"It is all because of Hei Cheng! This person is a sinner of our tribe!! That daughter of his caused this mess. He even lost our Immortal Gu House Dark Prison, he truly deserves death without sympathy!" A Hei tribe Gu Immortal scolded angrily.</p> 
<p>"Indeed, indeed."</p> 
<p>"Hei Cheng is a heinous sinner..."</p> 
<p>At once, Hei tribe's Gu Immortals spoke agitatedly.</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng lost the Immortal Gu House Dark Prison, it was truly a huge mistake. Otherwise, with Dark Prison and the four elders' Green City Rampage, the situation would not be this terrible.</p> 
<p>First supreme elder was silent.</p> 
<p>Dark Prison was originally his, he had lent it to Hei Cheng. Hei Cheng was the one who lost Dark Prison, first supreme elder was also to blame for trusting the wrong person.</p> 
<p>During usual times, the four top supreme elders trusted Hei Cheng deeply, allowing him to manage matters in the tribe.</p> 
<p>The criticism and scolding of the Hei tribe Gu Immortals was also vaguely expressing their unhappiness towards the four supreme elders, but they could not say it directly.</p> 
<p>After a while, third supreme elder could not stand it anymore, he said: "Enough, at this point, the matter has already happened, what can cursing do? We are in a crisis now, if cursing could save us, I would have done it long ago. We are all members of Hei tribe with the same bloodline, if the tribe is wiped out, none of us will be spared. You should all know this."</p> 
<p>Once he said that, the berating stopped.</p> 
<p>Fourth supreme elder coughed: "Regarding our current situation, if anyone has any input, you can mention it."</p> 
<p>The immortals were silent.</p> 
<p>The difference in strength was too huge, there were no effective strategies.</p> 
<p>"I have something to say." At this point, a rank six Gu Immortal spoke.</p> 
<p>Everyone looked over, it was Hei Bai.</p> 
<p>This immortal cultivated wood path, he had rank six cultivation level, when he was young, he was known as the 'Hei tribe stoneman', he was a man of few words. Normally, he was close to Hei Cheng, they had a deep friendship.</p> 
<p>"Speak, we are listening."</p> 
<p>"I want to see what great idea you have, Hei Bai?"</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortals spoke in cold tones, they hated Hei Cheng, that hatred extended to Hei Bai as well.</p> 
<p>Hei Bai's expression did not change, he was like a rock, saying solemnly: "In this situation, I do not need to speak much, you are all aware of it. Not only the righteous path and demonic path Gu Immortals, even lone immortals are coming to get a share. The only reason for this is due to benefits."</p> 
<p>"Everyone kicks a man who is down, the survival of our tribe is most important. As long as we survive, be it resources, benefits, or reputation, they are all things we can give up."</p> 
<p>"You want us to surrender? Our tribe had traitors like Hei Lou Lan and Hei Cheng, Imperial Court blessed land was also destroyed, do you think the Huang Jin families would let us off?" Some Gu Immortals immediately mocked and sneered.</p> 
<p>Hei Bai shook his head: "The Huang Jin tribes will not let us off, but there is one person in Northern Plains now who can help our Hei tribe escape this crisis."</p> 
<p>"Who?"</p> 
<p>Hei Bai said a name.</p> 
<p>The immortals heard this and were all shocked.</p> 
<p>Author's note: Guess who.</p>
    </body>
</html>
