<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1069: Heavenly Court!</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1069: Heavenly Court!</h1>
        
        <p>The butterfly fluttered its wings, it flew up and down, as jade green light scattered below its beautiful wings.</p> 
<p>Eventually, it landed on the tip of Fairy Zi Wei's slender white finger.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei looked at this jade butterfly deeply, smiling as she said: "This is Fixed Immortal Travel?"</p> 
<p>"Precisely." An old female Gu Immortal beside her said expressionlessly.</p> 
<p>This old woman had a hunched back, she was bending down, her hair was yellow like wheat, her face was wrinkled and her eyes were blurry.</p> 
<p>She wore a brown-yellow robe, there was a ring of sand around her waist.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei turned around, expressing her gratitude sincerely: "Merely a rank six Immortal Gu, it actually needed a refinement path great grandmaster like Granny Sha to refine, this was truly its honor."</p> 
<p>This old female Gu Immortal was a member of Heavenly Court, she had recently woken up.</p> 
<p>She had rank eight cultivation level, she was several thousand years old, there were no records about her age, but there were such antiques in Heavenly Court, except that her refinement path great grandmaster status was very rare.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei knew a bit more.</p> 
<p>She was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, she could deduce many secrets from small clues.</p> 
<p>She knew that this Granny Sha had little lifespan, she had to sleep in Heavenly Court to delay the arrival of her death. But she and Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord were from the same generation, they were even in a relationship during their younger years.</p> 
<p>During the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord sacrificed himself and died, this alarmed Granny Sha, she took the initiative to end her hibernation and woke up.</p> 
<p>Granny Sha looked at Fixed Immortal Travel in Fairy Zi Wei's hand as she sighed deeply: "I am an old woman with half my body inside the coffin, what honor is there? By refining Fixed Immortal Travel this time, can I really help you to capture that Fang Yuan?"</p> 
<p>Refining Fixed Immortal Travel needed the crucial immortal material, the light of the immemorial era.</p> 
<p>By this era, it could no longer be found by normal Gu Immortals, but Heavenly Court was an exception.</p> 
<p>This was the number one Gu Immortal organization in the world, present since the Remote Antiquity Era, it had been in a leading role throughout history, arrogantly looking down on all five regions.</p> 
<p>Wind Cloud Manor was only a sect under Heavenly Court, but they already had the light of the immemorial era in their inventory, Heavenly Court's own treasury undoubtedly had more.</p> 
<p>Thus, Granny Sha could rush to refine Fixed Immortal Travel without lacking immortal materials.</p> 
<p>This was the foundation of Heavenly Court after being around for three million years!</p> 
<p>Towards Granny Sha's question, Fairy Zi Wei smiled: "This is the result of my deduction, I have sixty percent assurance."</p> 
<p>Surprise flashed across Granny Sha's eyes: "You and tower lord are wisdom path Gu Immortals on par with one another, with sixty percent assurance, there is a need to try."</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei nodded lightly: "To speak the truth, I was able to deduce because of luck, as I had gotten some crucial information. Fang Yuan having Fixed Immortal Travel and Spring Autumn Cicada is no longer a secret. Some time ago, we captured a demonic path Gu Immortal, Gong Sun Liang, we learned about the boss who had borrowed Gu from him. Next, we investigated several areas that Fang Yuan might have appeared in, one of them was pot river. At Wind Cloud Manor, Gu Immortal Feng Chan Zi stole the light of the immemorial era from their treasury and sold it to an outsider."</p> 
<p>"Thus, you deduced that Fang Yuan's Fixed Immortal Travel has already been destroyed, right?" Granny Sha asked.</p> 
<p>"That was a possibility, but looking at the result, we were right." Fairy Zi Wei answered.</p> 
<p>"That Fang Yuan has many Immortal Gu, Spring Autumn Cicada has already been sealed, while Fixed Immortal Travel is with us. This way, it is much easier to capture him." Granny Sha said.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei shook her head, she sighed lightly: "Actually, Fixed Immortal Travel is not a problem. It is merely a rank six Immortal Gu, there are too many ways to deal with it."</p> 
<p>"That's right." Granny Sha agreed: "It is almost impossible to raise Fixed Immortal Travel to rank seven or eight. The light of the immemorial era needed is too much, even in Heavenly Court's treasury, we can only try to refine the rank seven version three times. As for rank eight Fixed Immortal Travel, it is consigned to history."</p> 
<p>During the Immemorial Antiquity Era, there was an unlimited amount of light, but now, it was an extinct immortal material.</p> 
<p>But Fixed Immortal Travel required the light of the immemorial era to refine.</p> 
<p>Rank six Fixed Immortal Travel could not transport rank seven Gu Immortals, not to mention rank eights.</p> 
<p>These Gu Immortals had plentiful dao marks in them. To transport them using Fixed Immortal Travel was like asking a baby to carry an elephant.</p> 
<p>Unless there was a Gu Immortal specialized in space path, or if a special immortal killer move was used.</p> 
<p>But such a situation was extremely rare, in general, Fixed Immortal Travel was capped at rank six, even though it had a great effect, it had little use to rank seven and eight Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Granny Sha continued: "Actually, in Heavenly Court's history, we have owned Fixed Immortal Travel multiple times. In most situations, we gave them to the lower sects for use, and because of tribulations and others reasons, they were lost. Once, Fixed Immortal Travel was in the hands of Heavenly Court Gu Immortal Liang Liang, he raised it to rank seven. This person cultivated space path alone, but during the rampage of immemorial desolate beasts, he battled and died, the rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel was destroyed during that time."</p> 
<p>Rank six Fixed Immortal Travel was treasured by Fang Yuan, but in the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals' eyes, it was almost an unnoteworthy object.</p> 
<p>It was unusable, thus in many situations, it was given to the ten ancient sects, so that they could display its greatest worth and control the situation in Central Continent.</p> 
<p>To think that Fang Yuan relied on Fixed Immortal Travel to create so much trouble in the world.</p> 
<p>It was still the same saying —</p> 
<p>There was no strongest Gu worm, only strongest Gu Master (Gu Immortal)!</p> 
<p>The effect of a Gu worm not only depended on the Gu worm itself, the more important reason was the user, the Gu Master.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei continued: "Rushing to refine Fixed Immortal Travel and sealing Spring Autumn Cicada merely cut Fang Yuan's wings. The true problem is finding his hiding spot. Now, I will deduce with my full strength and find him in Central Continent. Granny Sha, I will need your help to refine Immortal Gu and restore Heaven Overseeing Tower."</p> 
<p>Granny Sha nodded and said in a heavy tone: "Tower lord is dead, I couldn't save him. But I can rebuild Heaven Overseeing Tower, I am sure he would rest in peace behind the door of life and death if he knows this. Goodbye."</p> 
<p>Granny Sha said this as Fairy Zi Wei summoned another Gu Immortal, Myriad Tidal Dragon.</p> 
<p>"Feng Chan Zi almost made a great blunder through this selfish use of public assets. It seems that Central Continent has been peaceful for too long, the sects are all complacent and rotting, how can such scoundrels be allowed to tarnish the reputation of Heavenly Court? Punish him to guard Hidden Dragon Cave and Di Zang Sheng for twenty years. If that Evil Dragon manages to move even a bit, he would be failing his duties, we will take his life as punishment." Fairy Zi Wei said as cold light flickered in her eyes.</p> 
<p>Myriad Tidal Dragon nodded as he frowned slightly: "What about Old Man Bei Feng?"</p> 
<p>Feng Chan Zi was Old Man Bei Feng's grandson, he was very doted on. Most importantly, with Old Man Bei Feng's accumulated achievements and battle strength potential, he could already rise to Heavenly Court and become one of its members.</p> 
<p>Among the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, not all rank eight Gu Immortals can ascend to Heavenly Court and become members. One had to be exceptional.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei smiled: "If Old Man Bei Feng wants to come to Heavenly Court, I will personally welcome him. But his grandson will now be guarding Hidden Dragon Cave, with Feng Chan Zi's rank six cultivation level, he cannot deal with it. Since nobody in Heavenly Court is willing to take care of that mess, we will let Old Man Bei Feng handle it."</p> 
<p>After pausing for a while, Fairy Zi Wei continued: "I called you here today because I deduced many identities of Defy's members, I want you to go personally and capture a number of them, so that I can get more clues."</p> 
<p>"Understood." Myriad Tidal Dragon accepted the order.</p> 
<p>Now that Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord was dead, as the only remaining wisdom path great grandmaster, Fairy Zi Wei was tasked to lead Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>A wisdom path Gu Immortal was most suited for this job.</p> 
<p>Of course, she was only leading Heavenly Court temporarily.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court Gu Immortals had equal status, not one of the rank eight Gu Immortals had absolute authority, they had to discuss matters between all of them. Unless there was an Immortal Venerable leading them, that would be a different story.</p> 
<p>"Granny Sha is rebuilding Heaven Overseeing Tower."</p> 
<p>"Myriad Tidal Dragon is outside capturing the members of Defy."</p> 
<p>"Wei Ling Yang is internally investigating Heavenly Court and modifying our investigative methods, times are different now, we cannot let more traitors come in."</p> 
<p>"Now, I will go all out to deduce Fang Yuan's location. We cannot stall this!"</p> 
<p>Thinking of this, Fairy Zi Wei's brows rose slightly.</p> 
<p>It seemed from the result from her last deduction, that the more she targeted Fang Yuan, the more Fang Yuan and Shadow Sect would cooperate.</p> 
<p>From Heavenly Court's perspective, Spectral Soul was the main target, they could not rest until he was dead.</p> 
<p>Right now, Spectral Soul's main body was trapped in Southern Border's super dream realm. Heavenly Court did not (and could not) act, they could only watch as Spectral Soul died slowly in the dream realm.</p> 
<p>Thus, Heavenly Court's focus was on Fang Yuan and Shadow Sect's remnant forces.</p> 
<p>To prevent them from saving Spectral Soul.</p> 
<p>Shadow Sect's remnant forces, like Zombie Alliance, was already facing the assault of people sent by Fairy Zi Wei. Fang Yuan was her current focus, Fixed Immortal Travel was not an issue, but Spring Autumn Cicada was different.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan went back to the past and rewrote history, what would happen?!</p> 
<p>Central Continent, deep in Earth Abyss.</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie woke up slowly.</p> 
<p>"What happened? This is..." Ying Wu Xie was in a daze, gradually, clarity returned to his eyes.</p> 
<p>He remembered everything.</p> 
<p>"Damn it, I failed in refining Fixed Immortal Travel! After using my trump card, my luck rose immensely, why did I not succeed? Now, I have lost everything, and my soul's injury is severe." Ying Wu Xie had a pale expression as he clenched his fists.</p> 
<p>He was upset, and also lost, he did not know what to do now.</p> 
<p>Suddenly, the surroundings shook, Ying Wu Xie's super Gu formation started to activate rapidly.</p> 
<p>"Oh no! This is the deduction of a wisdom path great expert, the super Gu formation's automatic defenses has been activated!" Ying Wu Xie gasped in his mind, his face turned even more pale now, without a trace of rosiness.</p>
    </body>
</html>
