<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1190: Blood Plain Martial Competition</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1190: Blood Plain Martial Competition</h1>
        
        <p>Northern Plains, Feng Xian grotto-heaven.</p> 
<p>Rank eight Gu Immortal Prince Feng Xian was silently sitting with his eyes shut.</p> 
<p>Flames were burning around him, like clothes fluttering in the sky, they were dazzling and brilliant, dancing like dragons or snakes, extraordinary.</p> 
<p>Right now, Prince Feng Xian opened his mouth, spitting out small pearls of flame.</p> 
<p>The pearls of flame grew with the wind, in a breath of time, they expanded to become orange-red fireballs with the size of a baby's head.</p> 
<p>The fireballs circled around Prince Feng Xian's body, flying up and down, left and right.</p> 
<p>Next, Prince Feng Xian opened his mouth again, spitting out another pearl of flame.</p> 
<p>A while later, Prince Feng Xian already had eight fireballs around him, they were flying around, crashing into one another, they moved in a profound trail, circling around Prince Feng Xian endlessly.</p> 
<p>Right at this time, Prince Feng Xian suddenly opened his eyes.</p> 
<p>An unbelievably sharp light burst out from his eyes, it was extremely dazzling.</p> 
<p>Bam bam bam...</p> 
<p>The eight fireballs self-detonated one by one, turning into flickers of flames, dissipating.</p> 
<p>"I failed again, I did not manage to deduce any trace of Fang Yuan." Prince Feng Xian's eyes were shining, he stared at the fireballs that were gone.</p> 
<p>If his deduction succeeded, these flames would instantly draw Fang Yuan's location, as well as what he was doing.</p> 
<p>Evidently, Prince Feng Xian had failed once more.</p> 
<p>He learned nothing.</p> 
<p>"I am not a wisdom path Gu Immortal after all, I was just mimicking wisdom path, I cannot deduce Fang Yuan's true location." Prince Feng Xian sighed.</p> 
<p>He was tasked to capture Fang Yuan, but the problem was, he had hidden himself too deeply. Most of the time, he was inside a blessed land and did not come out. As long as blessed lands and grotto-heavens did not absorb fragments of the nine heavens, they would be a completely different world isolated from the five regions, even Fairy Zi Wei cannot deduce anything.</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian primarily cultivated fire path, he naturally could not.</p> 
<p>Of course, Fang Yuan would go outside as well.</p> 
<p>But he had familiar face and dark limit Immortal Gu. Together with his dark path dao marks, Fang Yuan could conceal his traces every time he traveled.</p> 
<p>"Lord Feng Xian, Gong tribe is here, they want to meet you." At this moment, a female Gu Immortal dressed in yellow came to the hall and reported.</p> 
<p>She was beautiful like a flower, she had watery eyes and peach-like lips, she was one of Prince Feng Xian's two female Gu Immortal attendants — Le Yao.</p> 
<p>"Gong tribe is here? Hmph." Prince Feng Xian frowned: "Not meeting them."</p> 
<p>"But Gong tribe's Gu Immortal brought the Longevity Edict." Le Yao hesitated.</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian smiled lightly: "So what if they have the Longevity Edict? It can control the Huang Jin bloodline, but I am not one of them."</p> 
<p>Le Yao pouted: "But lord, did you forget, we are now spies inside Northern Plains. You are still a son-in-law of Gong Tribe on the surface, an external supreme elder. If you defy the Longevity Edict openly, would it not be a problem?"</p> 
<p>"Hahaha." Prince Feng Xian laughed heartily: "Le Yao, you are only half right. Longevity Heaven is not to be underestimated, it is a rank nine grotto-heaven, it has Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's foundation, and is unfathomably deep. It is simply like Central Continent's Heavenly Court in Northern Plains! But this time, Longevity Heaven sent orders to unite the Huang Jin tribes, all of the righteous path super forces are to attack Bai Zu tribe. This is a unified battle of the Huang Jin tribes against outside forces. The collapse of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, the creation of Bai Zu tribe, as well as Chu Sect, have stepped on Longevity Heaven's bottom line constantly. This time, Longevity Heaven will definitely not ask for my help, Yao Huang is their only choice!"</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian analyzed it perfectly, Le Yao's eyes shone, but she did not understand: "Then why did Gong tribe's Gu Immortal bring the Longevity Edict here personally?"</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian's eyes shined with cold light: "These people from Gong tribe are trying to falsely use that authority, to use the Longevity Edict and deceive me into helping them. You also know about Gong tribe's objective, they are still dreaming of becoming the number one righteous path force."</p> 
<p>"So that's it. Then we will not meet them!" Le Yao smiled, showing her pearly white teeth, she had a beautiful smile, like the image of spring.</p> 
<p>It was all according to what Prince Feng Xian had analyzed, several days later, the Longevity Edict was passed on to all of the Huang Jin tribes, eventually ending up in Yao Huang's hands.</p> 
<p>Yao Huang used his old hands to receive the Longevity Edict, sighing deeply to himself.</p> 
<p>"This Longevity Edict still ended up with me after all."</p> 
<p>To one who heard him mumbling, it may have seemed that Yao Huang was aware all along.</p> 
<p>The truth was that it was an obvious situation.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was a rank eight Gu Immortal, if the Northern Plains righteous path forces wanted to deal with Bai Zu tribe, they would need to have a rank eight Gu Immortal to deal with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.</p> 
<p>On the surface, out of the rank eight Gu Immortals in Northern Plains, other than Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, Old Ancestor Xue Hu was in the demonic path, Five Elements Grandmaster was a lone immortal and had invaded Longevity Heaven, he was already trapped inside Calamity Luck Altar. Only Prince Feng Xian and Yao Huang were left.</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian's identity was the biggest problem.</p> 
<p>He did not have the Huang Jin bloodline, he was just a son-in-law of Gong tribe!</p> 
<p>If they relied on Prince Feng Xian and defeated Bai Zu tribe, would that not prove Five Elements Grandmaster's point? The great Huang Jin bloodline, descendants of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, could not rely on themselves to defeat a strong foe?</p> 
<p>Thus, for Longevity Heaven, there was only one person they could choose, the rank eight refinement path Gu Immortal Yao Huang!</p> 
<p>In fact, Yao Huang really did not want to involve himself in this mess.</p> 
<p>Currently, he was very busy trying to refine resurrection from the dead Immortal Gu!</p> 
<p>He was severely interrupted, Yao Huang was in a bad mood.</p> 
<p>Ping.</p> 
<p>A soft sound echoed.</p> 
<p>Yao Huang threw the Longevity Edict onto the table casually.</p> 
<p>"I should go talk to Heavenly Lord Bai Zu first." Yao Huang sighed, storing his immortal aperture and going to the outside world of Northern Plains, flying into white heaven.</p> 
<p>A moment later, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, who received Yao Huang's invitation, hesitated for a moment, before deciding to meet with Yao Huang and discuss the matter.</p> 
<p>The two rank eight Gu Immortals met in white heaven and talked in secret.</p> 
<p>In fact, they were friends.</p> 
<p>Long ago, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had considered creating Bai Zu tribe, thus, as a lone cultivator, he got very close to Yao Huang.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu wanted to be in the righteous path, but there were only two righteous path Gu Immortals, Prince Feng Xian did not originate from the righteous path, he stayed by himself and his relationship with Gong tribe was not good.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu could only have a goal of getting close to Yao Huang.</p> 
<p>Afterwards, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang had fought against Old Ancestor Xue Hu together. Even though they lost and caused Old Ancestor Xue Hu's reputation to surge, this matter had brought Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang closer together.</p> 
<p>Thus, when they met, there was no animosity or anger.</p> 
<p>"Friend, what do you think?" Yao Huang smiled and asked.</p> 
<p>"Sigh, it has gotten to this point, I'll tell you the truth, I did not expect this." Heavenly Lord Bai Zu waved his hand, he also felt very gloomy about the situation.</p> 
<p>His motive was very simple, he wanted to take down Hei Fan grotto-heaven.</p> 
<p>But to think that Chu Du's battle strength and wits exceeded Heavenly Lord Bai Zu's expectations, it caused the situation to change and worsen, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu could not back out.</p> 
<p>Among which, the rumors and threats regarding Heavenly Lord Bai Zu in Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world were all spread by Chu Du and his subordinates.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was aware of this.</p> 
<p>Anyone with a functioning brain knew.</p> 
<p>But now, in fact, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and the culprit of the rumors, Chu Du had allied, to deal with the righteous path forces that he did not want to face.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was also very helpless in the progression of this matter.</p> 
<p>Yao Huang saw Heavenly Lord Bai Zu's expression and deeply understood his feelings, Yao Huang pointed and smiled: "Old friend, do you understand now? It is not easy to be the leader of a righteous path force, in many situations, even as rank eight Gu Immortals, we cannot act freely."</p> 
<p>"I used to envy your lone cultivator status, I also urged you not to create any righteous path force, do you feel it now?"</p> 
<p>"I feel it. But I have worked hard for so long, it was not easy to get such results, I am not willing to give up just yet." Heavenly Lord Bai Zu said openly.</p> 
<p>Yao Huang was silent, before saying: "I do not want to interfere in this matter either, but I cannot help it, Longevity Heaven's token is already in my hands."</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu sighed deeply, he felt gladness but also sorrow in his heart.</p> 
<p>He was glad that his relationship with Yao Huang was close enough, but the sad thing was, he and Yao Huang were friends, but they had to fight. Even as rank eight Gu Immortals, they could not decide this for themselves.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu sighed deeply: "Then we can only fight now."</p> 
<p>Yao tribe waved his hand: "This is an eventual matter, we are not in a rush now. Even though I am in charge of this matter, Yao tribe is just one of the righteous path forces, I still have Longevity Heaven overseeing it. They are watching patiently now, even if we fight, we cannot resolve this matter. In my opinion, we should let these juniors fight first, and rile them up."</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu pondered and nodded: "Then in that case, let's decide a date for a martial competition."</p> 
<p>"Alright." Yao Huang thought: "Blood Plain is a good choice of location, how about there?"</p> 
<p>"That is good." Heavenly Lord Bai Zu agreed instantly.</p> 
<p>The two Gu Immortals talked for a while, deciding the matter of the Blood Plain martial competition, before leaving white heaven and going back to their tribes.</p> 
<p>They gave their respective instructions on the Blood Plain martial competition.</p> 
<p>At once, Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world went into commotion again.</p> 
<p>A new storm was brewing, it faintly swept through the entire Northern Plains Gu Immortal world.</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortals from the Huang Jin tribes were rubbing their hands together in anticipation, they felt that they had sufficient strength to suppress the allied forces of Bai Zu tribe and Chu Sect, they had high morale.</p> 
<p>In terms of foundation, the allied forces of Chu Sect and Bai Zu tribe could not match the alliance of the righteous path forces, but they could seek help.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was from the lone cultivator faction, while Chu Du was a famous expert in the demonic path!</p> 
<p>There was still some time until the competition. News of the Blood Plain martial competition had spread, even Central Continent and the other regions heard of it.</p> 
<p>Both sides were gathering strength, the righteous path Huang Jin tribes were choosing carefully, only picking the elites, while Bai Zu tribe and Chu Sect started recruiting for experts to help them, making great preparations.</p>
    </body>
</html>
