<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1595: Water Text Gu</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1595: Water Text Gu</h1>
        
        <p>The moon was bright outside the window, while a faint candle lighted the room.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong paced around in his room.</p> 
<p>He felt worry and frustration in his heart, he could not let it go.</p> 
<p>Right now, Wu Yong had rank eight cultivation level, he had supreme authority in Wu clan, he used Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building to help Wu clan get through tough times. He even got back the Southern Border righteous path's Immortal Gu from Heavenly Court, his reputation was at its peak. During this period, he had worked hard to nurture some Gu Immortal seeds, Wu clan was doing very well, why was he so worried now?</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan!</p> 
<p>Disguising as Wu Yi Hai, he even deceived Wu Yong, managing to take away lots of resources and even Immortal Gu. Not only did he toy around with Wu clan, even Wu Yong's pursuit saw no results.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was like a thorn in his heart, whenever Wu Yong thought about it, he would feel heartache, humiliation, anger, and hatred.</p> 
<p>This time, Fang Yuan suddenly appeared in Southern Border, destroying Plunder Shadow Earth Trench's formation and taking the dream realms, Wu Yong seemed very calm and composed now, but his heart was bleeding from this thorn that stabbed deeply into his wound!</p> 
<p>"Shang clan first supreme elder's method can target Fang Yuan's Fixed Immortal Travel, but…"</p> 
<p>Wu Yong frowned as he walked around, shaking his head.</p> 
<p>He felt that it was not reliable, could this method really kill Fang Yuan?</p> 
<p>Thinking about how he failed to kill Fang Yuan even with all the Southern Border righteous path forces. Thinking about how Heavenly Court failed to capture him after multiple attempts. Could the Southern Border righteous path really succeed this time?</p> 
<p>Wu Yong shook his head.</p> 
<p>He admitted that he was quite wary of Fang Yuan now. This demon's strength improved by leaps and bounds whenever he appeared, he could not be looked at with logic.</p> 
<p>And also, Wu Yong was not confident in Southern Border's righteous path.</p> 
<p>Wu clan was the leader of Southern Border's righteous path, Wu Yong had been nurtured under Wu Du Xiu's wings, how could he not see the weakness of Southern Border's righteous path!</p> 
<p>They all had their individual desires, they were filled with conflict and wariness, unless they had no choice, there would not be a leader that could unify them.</p> 
<p>Even for Wu clan, even if Wu Du Xiu was around and worked with Wu Yong, they could not be an absolute leader.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong could imagine that on the day of the operation, Southern Border's righteous path would be very wary of each other, they would make excuses and refuse to be the first ones to act, they would want to fight for benefits. How could such a group deal with the crafty Fang Yuan?</p> 
<p>Especially now, only Chi clan was plundered by Fang Yuan, the other clans were untouched, with the turbulence of the earth veins, they had to fight for the resources underground, how could the clans spend their effort on Fang Yuan?</p> 
<p>"Or rather, Fang Yuan noticed this, so he only plundered Chi clan's resources!"</p> 
<p>Wu Yong's heart sank.</p> 
<p>From this angle, he really wanted Fang Yuan to go all-out and aggravate all the clans. But he was simply too crafty, he only targeted one clan.</p> 
<p>If Wu Yong knew that Fang Yuan not only plundered Chi clan, he even made a deal with them secretly to plot against Heavenly Court during the five regions chaotic war, who knew what he would think.</p> 
<p>After walking around for a while, Wu Yong made up his mind: "I should communicate with Heavenly Court, I should use them to get rid of Fang Yuan!"</p> 
<p>This was quite a tough decision.</p> 
<p>Even though this was a wise choice, since the enemy of an enemy was a friend, it was taboo. The five regions excluding Eastern Sea had a mentality against foreigners, Southern Border did too.</p> 
<p>If Southern Border's forces and Gu Immortals knew that Wu Yong was working with another region's super force to meddle in Southern Border's affairs, he would receive huge criticism, even if he was Wu clan's first supreme elder, even if he had rank eight cultivation level, he would not be exempt from it.</p> 
<p>It could be said that Wu Yong was taking a huge risk. If he was exposed, Wu clan's current advantageous position would be destroyed.</p> 
<p>"Oh? Wu Yong contacted me? It must be due to the demon Fang Yuan…" Fairy Zi Wei was resting, seeing that Wu Yong had contacted her, she smiled as she replied.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong had a special status, he was the first supreme elder of Wu clan, even without trying to influence him, the cooperation between them was already his weakness.</p> 
<p>Both sides talked for a while, Wu Yong got to the topic of Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei thought: "Like I expected, Fang Yuan has Fixed Immortal Travel and because I exposed his methods in treasure yellow heaven, Wu Yong is even more wary of him now, he wants to eliminate Fang Yuan despite the risks."</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court was not in good shape recently.</p> 
<p>Not long ago, they failed to achieve any of their goals in their second attack on Lang Ya blessed land. Wisdom Gu was taken by Fang Yuan who escaped successfully, Lang Ya blessed land was guarded by Longevity Heaven, while Heavenly Court's Thunder Ghost True Monarch died. Chen Yi, Fairy Zi Wei, and Feng Jiu Ge also suffered injuries to certain degrees, they were all recuperating now.</p> 
<p>But even so, after hearing Wu Yong's words, Fairy Zi Wei agreed without hesitation.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan needed to die!</p> 
<p>Even if he had rank seven Fixed Immortal Travel, there were ways to restrict this Gu.</p> 
<p>Or rather, even if they failed to kill Fang Yuan, as long as they pressured him and did not give him time to grow further, it would be a success for Heavenly Court!</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan's growth is simply too fast and too scary! And this is already with heaven's will giving him hurdles constantly through its influence. Once in a while, he shows up with shocking improvements. Even if we fail to kill him, we must make sure he has no time to cultivate. If he gained new methods, we must expose all his trump cards."</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei felt deeper wariness against Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>To pursue him, she had put in so much effort, and right now, even Lang Ya blessed land was nearly taken down by her, but Fang Yuan?</p> 
<p>He was still free and roaming around!</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court had the absolute advantage, be it fate Gu's repair, the nurturing of Great Dream Immortal Venerable, or even the imprisonment of Spectral Soul, Fang Yuan could not match their achievements.</p> 
<p>But in the deepest part of Fairy Zi Wei's heart, she started to feel fear and unease.</p> 
<p>This emotion was absurd, but she truly felt fear and unease.</p> 
<p>Fear and unease due to Fang Yuan!</p> 
<p>"Southern Border's righteous path is dealing with Fang Yuan now, this is a chance. Forget my injuries, I need to go all-out to kill Fang Yuan and eliminate this problem." Determination flashed in Fairy Zi Wei's eyes.</p> 
<p>Southern Border's righteous path was plotting against Fang Yuan, because of Wu Yong's contact, before Heavenly Court even made a move, they were already the mastermind. Once Heavenly Court moves, they would unleash a terrifying attack.</p> 
<p>It was a pity that Fang Yuan had expected this.</p> 
<p>After the transaction with Chi Qu You, he went into seclusion, exploring the dream realms that he had.</p> 
<p>This was a time path dream realm.</p> 
<p>Inside this dream realm, Fang Yuan was an old man, he was the main character of this dream, having rank four cultivation level.</p> 
<p>Right now, he was surrounded by five or six Gu Masters with hostile expressions.</p> 
<p>"Lord Bai Lian, this is the treatment fee in advance, please follow us." The leader Gu Master also had rank four cultivation level, looking at Fang Yuan, he spoke threateningly.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan first looked at the Gu worms in his aperture, they were all time path Gu worms used for support, they could not heal. Thinking about it, Fang Yuan probed: "I am just an ordinary time path Gu Master, I am not a doctor, aren't you making things difficult for me?"</p> 
<p>The other party replied: "Hmph, you will go whether you want to or not. Do you dare to defy the request of our Central Continent's Meng clan? We already know everything about you, don't worry, we are asking you to go because of your abilities, we know you can heal Lord Meng Bi's illness. Come, do you need us to invite you by force?"</p> 
<p>"Let's go, lead the way." Fang Yuan smiled bitterly.</p> 
<p>Following these Gu Masters, Fang Yuan soon arrived at Meng clan, he saw the patient Meng Bi.</p> 
<p>Only to see that this person was frail and yellow, his bones were protruding from his skinny body, he rested in bed as he grunted weakly.</p> 
<p>"How did this happen? What illness is it?" Fang Yuan probed.</p> 
<p>A servant started crying as he said: "My master has always been healthy and strong, he sprints as fast as a wolf, to think that this would happen. He was harmed by that unscrupulous merchant, he bought a water text Gu. The merchant said that this Gu would allow him to write beautiful words that resembled flowing water. Master has always been brutish, the others have always said that he had brawns but no literary flair. Because of this, master bought this water text Gu at a high price, wanting to write a beautiful verse that night."</p> 
<p>"Is the problem regarding that water text Gu?" Fang Yuan asked.</p> 
<p>The servant nodded: "Initially, master used that water text Gu with no issue. He wrote verses after verses, master was extremely happy, he wrote fifty to sixty texts. But in the morning, before he ate, he started to have diarrhea. It poured like flowing water, he had the runs for over twenty times. Even with master's tough body, he ended up like this after a day."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan realized at last, he gained confidence in solving this.</p> 
<p>Water text Gu was not the problem, but overly using it caused the diarrhea, nobody could deal with that side effect.</p> 
<p>Rushing leads to worse results, this was quite common. Using Gu carried risks, Meng Bi truly brought it upon himself.</p> 
<p>"Meng clan was right to invite me, my time path Gu worms might not be able to heal, but in this situation,they are appropriate in healing Meng Bi." Fang Yuan thought.</p>
    </body>
</html>
