<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1226: Rules of the Righteous Path</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1226: Rules of the Righteous Path</h1>
        
        <p>On his bed, Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes.</p> 
<p>He let out a breath of air, realizing that he was still in his bed, the surrounding arrangements were all intact.</p> 
<p>This was the defensive Gu formation that Southern Border's righteous path forces had created together, it was very safe. But Fang Yuan was vigilant to the core, he always considered the many possible outcomes before he did anything.</p> 
<p>Ever since rebirth, he had been cultivating endlessly, he exerted all of his effort without wasting a moment of his time on useless aspects.</p> 
<p>This sleep was the same.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan entered his own dream realm, getting materials from his dream realm, he obtained the Gu materials for many dream path mortal Gu.</p> 
<p>"If I refine them, I can get five to six dream path mortal Gu." Fang Yuan assessed.</p> 
<p>His improvement in dream path was evident.</p> 
<p>In the past, after one dream, he would only obtain a few Gu materials, to refine one or two dream path mortal Gu. But now was different, his gains had risen sharply, his efficiency in getting dream path mortal Gu also rose by many times.</p> 
<p>Of course, there was an important element, his soul.</p> 
<p>When exploring dream realms, the soul would weaken.</p> 
<p>Thus, the stronger the soul, the longer one could explore the dream realm, and the greater the backlash that they could endure from the dream realm.</p> 
<p>What was worth mentioning was: No matter how strong the soul was, it was just a basic condition for exploration. A strong soul could not allow one to freely move in the dream realm.</p> 
<p>There was a somewhat unfitting analogy for souls and dreams.</p> 
<p>The dream realm was like a desert, when souls explore it, they are like lost travelers inside the desert. The stronger the soul, the stronger the traveler's constitution, they could endure hunger and stay inside the desert for a longer time.</p> 
<p>But that did not mean that he could walk out of the desert. He did not know what direction it was, he could not create food and water inside the desert, he could not shrink the desert or leave it freely.</p> 
<p>But clear directions, creation of water and food, and modifying the desert, all of these could only be achieved by dream path at this period of time.</p> 
<p>Why 'this period of time'?</p> 
<p>Because when all the paths reach a certain attainment level, they can mimic other paths and attain their effects.</p> 
<p>In the future, fire path, earth path, and others can also create their own immortal killer moves that mimic dream path effects.</p> 
<p>However!</p> 
<p>There was a huge condition.</p> 
<p>That was, dream path had to be developed further as a path, and the Gu Immortal trying to mimic its effect needed to be familiar with dream path and have high dream path attainment.</p> 
<p>Right now, dream path had just started being researched, all the forces and Gu Immortals were suffering from exploring it, they did not have many useful gains.</p> 
<p>Even though there were quite a few dream path Gu worms and even wild dream path Immortal Gu, dream path as a path itself was still very far from actually being created.</p> 
<p>It was not even properly created yet, not to mention completed.</p> 
<p>Creating a whole new path was not so easy.</p> 
<p>There were many water path Gu worms, during the Immemorial Antiquity Era, Remote Antiquity Era, and Olden Antiquity Era, there were countless wild water path Gu worms, there were even people who created new water path Gu worms. But only until the Medieval Antiquity Era did Spirit Affinity House's founder, Shui Ni, finalize the path after considering all aspects, formally creating water path.</p> 
<p>Thus, Gu Immortals in the five regions could do nothing about dream path, they knew that it was extremely valuable, but they had no way to gain from it.</p> 
<p>Many Gu Immortals died in dream realms.</p> 
<p>This situation was happening everywhere, and some time ago, Southern Border's Gu Immortals had suffered massive casualties from this.</p> 
<p>Precisely so, Southern Border's righteous path Gu Immortals noticed the fact and had to slow down their exploration of the dream realm, moving forward with steady steps, carefully progressing slowly.</p> 
<p>Many Gu Immortals were still very wary of the dream realm, they started to have different ideas, thus, the immortal opportunity business was born as a result.</p> 
<p>If the righteous path Gu Immortals had ways to explore the dream realm, how could they give up this immense profit to the demonic and lone immortals?</p> 
<p>Thinking of the immortal opportunity business, Fang Yuan sat up on his bed.</p> 
<p>The immortal opportunity business had to exist, but at the same time, he could not be involved in it excessively.</p> 
<p>The immortal opportunity business had many uses.</p> 
<p>On one hand, it could give Gu Immortals immense benefits. On the other hand, it could greatly reduce the conflict of the righteous path, demonic path, and lone cultivators.</p> 
<p>If the righteous path Gu Immortals defended the super dream realm forcefully, what would these demonic path and lone immortals in Southern Border think?</p> 
<p>"The righteous path definitely obtained a lot of benefits, but they are keeping it for themselves. If time passes, the righteous path will get stronger, while we get weaker, how can we live? These are the cultivation resources of Great Dream Immortal Venerable, who does not want to become Great Dream Immortal Venerable? Why is the righteous path allowed to hog it for themselves, without any for us?"</p> 
<p>This would be their mentality.</p> 
<p>It was extremely dangerous.</p> 
<p>Southern Border's righteous path forces knew that if these people were forced, the demonic and lone immortals would join up and result in another battle of Yi Tian Mountain, or result in the blood battle martial competition of Northern Plains.</p> 
<p>With this immortal opportunity business, the lone and demonic immortals would realize: Oh, the dream realm is so dangerous, there is nothing to gain from it. At this moment, the righteous path can do nothing to it, otherwise, why would there be this business? Are they letting us experience the dream realm on purpose?</p> 
<p>Creating this dream realm business was the idea of the rank seven Gu Immortal from Wu clan, he was very astute. Unfortunately, Fang Yuan was stronger and used his brother's influence to chase this rank seven Gu Immortal away.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan needed stability.</p> 
<p>The more stable the better!</p> 
<p>He needed a stable environment to explore the dream realms here.</p> 
<p>Thus, preventing the attacks of both lone and demonic path immortals here meant that it was necessary to continue the immortal opportunity business.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan could not participate.</p> 
<p>Because not all the righteous path clans were participating.</p> 
<p>This was a crucial point!</p> 
<p>Put simply, the loot was not distributed evenly.</p> 
<p>Wu clan and six other righteous path clans were getting the benefits, while the other half of the clans were not participating.</p> 
<p>This was very reasonable.</p> 
<p>Gu Immortals were moved by benefits, the fewer people who joined, the more they would gain, right?</p> 
<p>Thus, the result was — once the immortal opportunity business was exposed, all of the Gu Immortals involved would not be able to get away. They would definitely be punished severely, because this was the rule of the righteous path!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan could not step into this trap.</p> 
<p>Wu An and the rest wanted to rope him in, but Fang Yuan knew that once this was exposed, even if he was the owner of two Immortal Gu in here and was the brother of Wu Yong, it was impossible for him to stay here.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was not going to take the risk.</p> 
<p>He went through all kinds of methods to infiltrate here, what was it for? It was for the dream realm!</p> 
<p>Especially when Wu Yong was not someone who favored his 'brother' Wu Yi Hai. His attitude would depend on the circumstances.</p> 
<p>But as long as Fang Yuan did not commit a mistake, and was the owner of the Immortal Gu here, Wu Yong would be less likely to send him elsewhere.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan could see all these details clearly.</p> 
<p>Thanks to the five hundred years of his previous life.</p> 
<p>Even though his cultivation level was not high, he had been in the righteous path, demonic path, and even was a lone cultivator, he had incredibly rich life experiences.</p> 
<p>This allowed him to be in the righteous path while not being restrained by Wu Yi Hai's lone cultivator upbringing. He was clear about the political situation here, he knew what to do as a righteous path Gu Immortal, and how to play this game of life.</p> 
<p>Thus, he recruited Lady White Rabbit.</p> 
<p>At the crucial moment, he could use her as scapegoat, saying that he did not know the matter.</p> 
<p>The immortal opportunity business' profits that were for him were all given to Lady White Rabbit as well.</p> 
<p>He could not take the profits.</p> 
<p>Unlike demonic path or lone cultivators who would crazy after seeing some resources, the righteous path could not do this, some benefits could be gained, but certain benefits were untouchable.</p> 
<p>But what if he rejected her? What if he gave Lady White Rabbit and Wu An the cold shoulder?</p> 
<p>That was worse.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan did that, even though there would not be a crisis after getting exposed, he would make enemies with six clans of Gu Immortals. These people were beneficiaries, if Fang Yuan did not lead them, they would not dare to undergo this business. These people would definitely have poor feelings towards him.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan would have just arrived at the super Gu formation, and he would have already offended all of the political allies of Wu clan.</p> 
<p>And all those who did not participate in the immortal opportunity business, like Ba clan, Tie clan, or Shang clan, would be greedily eyeing up Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>If he did that, he would be crippling his own network, it was an extremely stupid idea.</p> 
<p>The arrangement now was good.</p> 
<p>The immortal opportunity business continued, his political allies were happy, Ba clan and the rest were watching but could not do anything to Fang Yuan, who had no exploitable weaknesses.</p> 
<p>In the future, if this matter was exposed, Fang Yuan would push Lady White Rabbit into the spotlight, sacrificing her and saying that he was doting on her, but to think that she would do something like this behind his back. He was completely kept in the dark and ignorant.</p> 
<p>All in all, Fang Yuan had leeway to retreat or advance.</p> 
<p>As for those profits, Fang Yuan could only give up on them.</p> 
<p>He did not lack resources now, the sovereign immortal aperture's cultivation resources would put most rank seven Gu Immortals to shame!</p> 
<p>"Next, I can officially start exploring dream realms!" Fang Yuan prepared to move.</p> 
<p>At the same time, in Northern Plains.</p> 
<p>The blood battle martial competition was reaching its end.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang did not appear from start to finish, but their influence was heavily affecting the competition.</p> 
<p>Chu Du had an ugly expression.</p> 
<p>The situation was not in his favor.</p> 
<p>Hao Zhen had lost, he was holding his left shoulder with his right arm. His injuries were severe, his left arm was completely chopped off, the injury area was covered in dao marks, it was hard to heal.</p> 
<p>"Northern Plains' righteous path truly has a deep foundation." Chu Du sighed, he was in an extremely awkward position of having nobody to send out.</p> 
<p>Hao Zhen had an angry expression, he spoke with unwillingness to give up: "Lord Chu Du, I have a friend who is stronger than me, but they are a secluded cultivator and have little fame."</p> 
<p>Chu Du was joyful and suspicious: "Oh? Why did you not recommend them earlier?"</p> 
<p>Hao Zhen had a difficult expression, he transmitted carefully: "There is one bad point, they cultivate blood path."</p> 
<p>Chu Du's expression turned solemn, he rejected it without hesitation: "Absolutely not! Any blood path Gu Immortal is a demonic path Gu Immortal. This blood battle martial competition is a competition between righteous path forces, how can this blood path demonic immortal take part?"</p> 
<p>Once they were involved, the other party could slander Chu Du's side for being demonic path members.</p> 
<p>Chu Du's hard work would completely go down the drain.</p> 
<p>This was the rule of the righteous path!</p>
    </body>
</html>
