<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1529: Refining Soul Beast Token</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1529: Refining Soul Beast Token</h1>
        
        <p>Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>A fan-like dark eerie ghost hand was flying around in the sky.</p> 
<p>Its fingers were clenched, rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token was struggling inside, trying to escape.</p> 
<p>The dark eerie ghost hand was met with this Soul Beast Token's rampage, there were protrusions on the ghost hand as the five fingers trembled, it was about to give way.</p> 
<p>However, even if Soul Beast Token escaped from the ghost hand, it was inside Fang Yuan's immortal aperture, it had nowhere to run. It would merely go from a tiny cage to a bigger cage.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought: "This immortal killer move great thief ghost hand that I conceptualized uses rank nine killer move ghostly concealment as the core with rank seven great thief Immortal Gu and others as the supplement, therefore it could even steal a rank eight Immortal Gu like Soul Beast Token. However… this move cannot last long, it does not have any sealing properties. I need to work hard to refine this Soul Beast Token myself!"</p> 
<p>While he was thinking, great thief ghost hand was increasingly weakening as soul beast token Immortal Gu did its best to escape from the restraint.</p> 
<p>However, Fang Yuan's goal had already been met at this point.</p> 
<p>Heaven Sealing Mountain!</p> 
<p>This was originally used to seal his immortal zombie body's heaven's will.</p> 
<p>But now, Fang Yuan's immortal zombie body had his split soul, it was a rank six time path clone now, Heaven Sealing Mountain was empty as a result.</p> 
<p>"Go." Under Fang Yuan's manipulation, great thief ghost hand entered the cave inside Heaven Sealing Mountain and into the Gu formation.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan activated the Gu formation, great thief ghost hand stopped trembling, the soul beast token Immortal Gu inside was temporarily suppressed, even though it still struggled, it was already far less than before.</p> 
<p>"I cannot constantly suppress Soul Beast Token like this, the urgent matter now is to find a place to refine this rank eight Immortal Gu!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought about this, his speed did not fall, after getting out of Divine Bean Palace, he went out of peach blossom maze's loophole and left the battlefield directly.</p> 
<p>"He left?!" Fang Yuan's action made all the Gu Immortals feel surprised.</p> 
<p>Chen Yi gritted his teeth in hatred, he could not do anything about it, he was facing the attacks of Qing Chou and Fang Gong.</p> 
<p>"Such resolution." Fang Di Chang praised as he sighed deeply, watching Fang Yuan's figure that gradually became smaller.</p> 
<p>After Fang Yuan left, he met with countless soul beasts.</p> 
<p>There were an uncountable number of soul beasts, Fang Yuan was deeply moved. But he had a thought and controlled himself, he did not kill them to harvest soul cores.</p> 
<p>He needed to refine rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token now. As for the rank eight Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace, those three rank eight existences could continue to fight for it.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan understood his own abilities clearly.</p> 
<p>Even with reverse flow protection seal, he was only able to fight rank eight and have rank eight battle strength. If he interfered in the battle of the three rank eight existences now, and competed to obtain Divine Bean Palace, there was little hope and a high chance for mishaps.</p> 
<p>Once he exposes reverse flow protection seal, he would also expose his identity, he might even face Fang clan's attacks.</p> 
<p>This was not worth it for Fang Yuan, he wanted to have a working relationship with Fang clan and use green ghost desert to cultivate soul path.</p> 
<p>His alliance agreement with Fang clan was also a factor. It was not easy to get rid of it, he needed time to prepare.</p> 
<p>Even though Fang Yuan took away Soul Beast Token, the soul path dao marks in green ghost desert still continued to corrode peach blossom maze.</p> 
<p>There was a sea of soul beasts around the entire battlefield.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan left easily.</p> 
<p>He had yama killer move, he could use ghostly concealment's effect, even Qing Chou could not find him, not to mention these mere soul beasts.</p> 
<p>He flew rapidly and left green ghost desert without looking back, after confirming his safety and the lack of people in the proximity, Fang Yuan landed on an ordinary desert.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan went underground and set up a temporary Gu formation, eliminating all of his aura and traces.</p> 
<p>After that, he focused his mind to deal with rank eight Immortal Gu Soul Beast Token.</p> 
<p>Soul Beast Token had been refined by Qing Chou, its will was inside, Fang Yuan had a lot of difficulty refining it.</p> 
<p>This was the most basic part of Gu refinement — single refinement.</p> 
<p>The single refinement of an existing Gu worm. The essence of it was to use one's own will to replace the original will of the Gu worm inside.</p> 
<p>Gu Masters use primeval essence to refine mortal Gu because the primeval essence belonged to them and contained their will.</p> 
<p>When Gu Immortals use immortal essence to refine Immortal Gu, the same logic followed.</p> 
<p>Wild Gu worms contained wild wills and were hard to tame, they were difficult to refine. But man is the spirit of living beings, trying to take away someone else's Immortal Gu was even harder.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had been planning in Inquiry Dock for a long time, he was not unprepared.</p> 
<p>Rank seven Immortal Gu, Affection and Self Love!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan first took out these two Immortal Gu as he activated self love Immortal Gu on Soul Beast Token.</p> 
<p>The will of Qing Chou inside Soul Beast Token was quickly affected, it started to love and treasure itself, no matter what Fang Yuan did from now on, this will would not take a risk and self-detonate Soul Beast Token.</p> 
<p>Next, Fang Yuan used affection Immortal Gu, sending its will into the Soul Beast Token.</p> 
<p>Both wills interacted and started to compete.</p> 
<p>Affection was not a will that specialized in offense, it was quickly destroyed by Qing Chou's will.</p> 
<p>But there was lingering affection will that scattered in Soul Beast Token, it was not completely decimated.</p> 
<p>This was the specialty of affection will, it allowed affection Immortal Gu's effect to linger. But as time passes, the lingering affection will would be eradicated.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan continued to activate affection Immortal Gu as he sent in its will continuously into Soul Beast Token.</p> 
<p>But no matter how much Fang Yuan sent in, Qing Chou's will would destroy it, while suffering little losses.</p> 
<p>Qing Chou's will was very powerful inside Soul Beast Token, and was very stubborn!</p> 
<p>Immortal essence was rapidly expended, but Fang Yuan could sustain the cost, he had already prepared a lot of immortal essence, his earlier development in the immortal aperture was paying off now.</p> 
<p>After several minutes, Fang Yuan stopped instilling affection will into Soul Beast Token.</p> 
<p>There was a lot of affection will left inside, even though most of it was erased by Qing Chou's will, the remaining amount was quite a lot, after reaching its limit, there was no way of raising its quantity.</p> 
<p>At this point, Fang Yuan sent his self will into Soul Beast Token.</p> 
<p>Once self will went in, Qing Chou's will became furious, charging at it like a frenzied beast. In comparison, the battle between Qing Chou's will and affection will earlier was like a drizzle.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's self will fought with Qing Chou's will, the fight was one-sided, the self will army could not match it at all.</p> 
<p>For example, Soul Beast Token was like a camp that was the territory of Qing Chou's will. Fang Yuan's self will was like an invader traveling by boat, only able to send in a small number of troops each time. With such a small scale, it was easily wiped out by Qing Chou's will each time.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan ignored that, he continued to instill self will.</p> 
<p>His advantage was that with enough immortal essence, self will was endlessly produced. Meanwhile, Qing Chou's will could not be replenished.</p> 
<p>Fifteen minutes, thirty minutes, forty-five minutes… as time passed, Fang Yuan's advantage grew, he stabilized himself and eventually matched Qing Chou's will, having half the control over Soul Beast Token.</p> 
<p>Qing Chou's will rumbled intensely, knowing that it was not Fang Yuan's match, it wanted to detonate this Soul Beast Token.</p> 
<p>But at this time, the lingering affection will activated, erasing the determination from Qing Chou's will. Fang Yuan also sent in fake will and interfered with the decision of Qing Chou's will.</p> 
<p>Eventually, Fang Yuan sent in a large amount of self will and charged like an army, erasing all of Qing Chou's lingering will.</p> 
<p>"I finally refined soul beast token Immortal Gu." Fang Yuan let out a breath of air, his forehead was full of sweat.</p> 
<p>This battle was like a major war involving countless troops, he was extremely tired.</p> 
<p>Looking at the time, three days and nights had passed in the outside world!</p> 
<p>"Thankfully I have wisdom path methods and compatible Immortal Gu, otherwise, I could not have refined this Gu."</p> 
<p>"Sigh, even though I have great thief ghost hand and ghostly concealment, I only managed to replicate a trace of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's capabilities. I was merely making use of his accomplishments. Legend says that Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable has a move, steal heart, it has the power to steal the will inside Immortal Gu and instantly refine them, it is truly amazing!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was sighing in his mind, he stored Soul Beast Token and quickly went back to green ghost desert.</p> 
<p>"I have soul beast token Immortal Gu, together with hundred and eighty slaves, I can enslave that Qing Chou!"</p> 
<p>"With Qing Chou, I would have a huge possibility of obtaining Divine Bean Palace, after all, it has huge control over Divine Bean Palace."</p> 
<p>"Even if I face the backlash of Fang clan, I have the ability to protect my life, and if I obtain Divine Bean Palace, I will gain immense profits!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan analyzed in his mind.</p> 
<p>After successfully getting Soul Beast Token, he started to work his mind on trying to get that rank eight Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace.</p> 
<p>But when he flew to the periphery of green ghost desert, he was intercepted by a Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>"Please wait." An ordinary looking female immortal had stopped him, she smiled politely, having rank seven aura.</p> 
<p>"What is it?" Fang Yuan had a thought as he slowed down.</p> 
<p>The female immortal smiled: "I am He Gu, I saw that you were flying fast, you must have an intended destination. With green ghost desert's huge change, I heard that a precious treasure had emerged, I wonder if you have any information? I am willing to buy it."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's expression did not change, but he felt something amiss in his mind.</p> 
<p>Originally, Fang clan had caused a huge commotion when trying to get Divine Bean Palace, all of the soul beasts in green ghost desert were stirred, this could not be concealed, Western Desert's Gu Immortals noticed it and came over.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan spent three days and night to refine Soul Beast Token, many Western Desert Gu Immortals had already arrived.</p> 
<p>"I'm afraid the battle ended already!"</p> 
<p>"If the three parties are still fighting, the power of rank eight cannot be concealed, the commotion would be grand, how can these Gu Immortals be clueless now?"</p> 
<p>"I wonder how this battle ended? Who obtained Divine Bean Palace?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan could not help but think.</p>
    </body>
</html>
