<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1196: Sword Heart Clarity</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1196: Sword Heart Clarity</h1>
        
        <p>Above Blood Plain.</p> 
<p>Nian Er Ping Zhi and Granny Yin's battle had attracted everyone's attention.</p> 
<p>Granny Yin was a veteran demonic path Gu Immortal, she cultivated soul path and possessed bewitching soul Immortal Gu, and her reputation had already been established long ago in Northern Plains.</p> 
<p>She moved like a ghost, gloomy winds surged and vengeful souls moved around her, sending chills down people's hearts.</p> 
<p>And Nian Er Ping Zhi was a shining member of the righteous path's younger generation, the current Sword Child of Nian Er tribe, his movement was quick and his sword moved like lightning.</p> 
<p>Both sides had exchanged dozens of moves, at first they probed each other with mortal killer moves, then they used Immortal Gu, then immortal killer moves, and now the battle was at a very heated stage.</p> 
<p>On the field, dark souls had covered most of the sky.</p> 
<p>And the white sword light representing Nian Er Ping Zhi was already surrounded, despite it charging everywhere and the dark souls moving away, the overall flow of the battle was dictated by Granny Yin.</p> 
<p>"Granny Yin is indeed a demonic path expert, the way she fights is steady and full of experience." Immortal Wang praised.</p> 
<p>Chu Du, however, frowned, silent.</p> 
<p>He was inwardly thinking: "Granny Yin is a rank seven Gu Immortal, but she was not able to immediately kill Nian Er Ping Zhi. Even though the situation looks more inclined towards her, Nian Er Ping Zhi's sword light is still rampaging around without the slightest of hesitation. He still is thinking of winning!"</p> 
<p>Inside Golden Dawn Hall, seeing his tribe's shining hope, a sword path genius, falling into disadvantage, Nian Er Yi Fang was becoming nervous, staring at the battle without blinking.</p> 
<p>If the situation looked bad, he would immediately make a move and save Nian Er Ping Zhi.</p> 
<p>No matter the rules or reputation, as far as Nian Er tribe was concerned, Nian Er Ping Zhi being alive was most important!</p> 
<p>"Hehehehe... such a tender body, you have nowhere to dodge now, accept your death!" A change suddenly happened at this instance.</p> 
<p>Countless vengeful ghosts suddenly covered all directions, as they surrounded the sword light that Nian Er Ping Zhi had transformed into.</p> 
<p>Then, Granny Yin revealed her true body from amidst the countless dark souls, stretching out her withered finger and pointing at Nian Er Ping Zhi from afar.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Bewitching Soul Art!</p> 
<p>Nian Er Ping Zhi's eyes immediately lost their light, the freely moving nimble sword light completely dissipated and turned into his true body.</p> 
<p>He was floating in the air like his mind had halted, not having the slightest bit of reaction to the charging Granny Yin.</p> 
<p>"Hehehe!" Granny Yin laughed in satisfaction. She opened her mouth wide, revealing her sparse yellow teeth.</p> 
<p>Her hand suddenly enlarged by many times, dark wind coiled around her five fingers, her nails as sharp as needles. The fan-like hand descended on Nian Er Ping Zhi's head.</p> 
<p>If this attack were to land true, Nian Er Ping Zhi's skull would no doubt be crushed under his defenseless state.</p> 
<p>"Stop it!" Nian Er Yi Fang shouted as he rushed out of Golden Dawn Hall.</p> 
<p>However, Chu Du had already made prior arrangements.</p> 
<p>He saw that Granny Yin was firmly grasping the battle situation, and had already considered if she were to make a killing strike towards Nian Er Ping Zhi, she would surely be obstructed by the righteous path Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Therefore, he had already arranged his forces to lie in wait.</p> 
<p>Sure enough, when Nian Er Yi Fang rushed out, Hao Zhen moved out shortly after.</p> 
<p>"Shameless fellow, you are interfering in a one on one battle?" Hao Zhen shot out a bolt of lightning right at Nian Er Yi Fang's face.</p> 
<p>Nian Er Yi Fang slightly shook, and emerald wooden armor appeared, covering his whole body firmly.</p> 
<p>This wooden armor was Nian Er Yi Fang's immortal killer move, and it had extremely powerful defense. Regardless of how sharp Hao Zhen's lightning was, it could not even make a dent on the wooden armor, instead the wooden armor seemed to be rejuvenated as it produced fresh yellow and green leaves, like it had received many benefits.</p> 
<p>Chu Du immediately gave out a light gasp.</p> 
<p>He was surprised.</p> 
<p>What made Chu Du surprised was not Nian Er Yi Fang's wooden armor, as his wooden armor was already famous in Northern Plains and was his self-created immortal killer move — Sick Tree Spring Armor.</p> 
<p>Instead, it was that Nian Er Yi Fang had rushed out madly to save Nian Er Ping Zhi.</p> 
<p>However, by using this move and blocking off Hao Zhen's lightning, he had missed the best opportunity to save Nian Er Ping Zhi.</p> 
<p>Chu Du considered what he would do in Nian Er Yi Fang's position, his tribe's genius, a star of the younger generation, was at risk of losing his life, while he himself could choose to either block the lightning or move to protect Nian Er Ping Zhi's life.</p> 
<p>But right now, Nian Er Yi Fang had chosen to protect himself. This action meant he did not feel it was urgent to save Nian Er Ping Zhi.</p> 
<p>What was going on?</p> 
<p>"Oh no!" Chu Du's heart suddenly jumped, and he quickly looked at the battle.</p> 
<p>He was just about to warn Granny Yin, but it was already too late.</p> 
<p>The sluggish looking Nian Er Ping Zhi suddenly let out extremely sharp, mysterious light from his eyes.</p> 
<p>This change immediately froze Granny Yin's ecstatic laughter.</p> 
<p>Granny Yin's mind sent out warnings of danger, she wanted to get back to defend herself but it was already late.</p> 
<p>An extremely stunning sword light flashed!</p> 
<p>Life and death, victory and loss, were determined within this moment of time.</p> 
<p>The dark souls were still hovering around, but Granny Yin was already starting to fall down, cut into two by the sword light.</p> 
<p>She was gazing at Nian Er Ping Zhi with an incredulous look on her face, unable to think of how he had suddenly gotten free from her signature trump card.</p> 
<p>"Bewitching soul art is Granny Yin's proudest method, which she used when she roamed Northern Plains, but it was actually ineffective against Nian Er Ping Zhi?" Chu Du and his group of immortals paled in shock.</p> 
<p>"What's going on?" Inside Golden Dawn Hall, the righteous path Gu Immortals were both surprised and joyous.</p> 
<p>"This is sword heart clarity, it is an immortal killer move in Sword Saint true inheritance, especially used to restrict wisdom path and other similar methods. Few of the Sword Childs in history could use it." Nian Er Yi Fang laughed heartily, not giving up this chance to increase Nian Er tribe's prestige.</p> 
<p>Ye Lui Xiao Jin could not help thinking: "Is he saying Nian Er Ping Zhi is outstanding even when placed among all the Sword Childs in history?"</p> 
<p>He was a genius of Ye Lui tribe, but unfortunately had lost to Xue Wu Hen.</p> 
<p>On the contrary, Nian Er Ping Zhi had killed the rank seven demonic path expert Granny Yin. Comparing the two, it was clear for everyone who was better and who was worse.</p> 
<p>"This Nian Er Yi Fang is truly crafty. He clearly knew Nian Er Ping Zhi's situation was of no concern, but still pretended to rush out in panic to save Nian Er Ping Zhi." Chou Lao Wu mumbled behind Chu Du, feeling indignant.</p> 
<p>One had to say Nian Er Yi Fang had acted really well.</p> 
<p>Because of his acting, the Gu Immortals of both sides had subconsciously thought Nian Er Ping Zhi was in absolute danger.</p> 
<p>Even Granny Yin was deceived.</p> 
<p>"No, maybe it was Granny Yin who was too confident in her immortal killer move bewitching soul art." Chu Du assessed internally: "And this Nian Er Ping Zhi is also not just a brutish person, he actually pretended to be struck by the ability, deceiving Granny Yin. The killer move he used to kill Granny Yin is also not simple, it is terrifyingly powerful and also extremely fast, it is virtually impossible to guard against. It should be one sword life, an immortal killer move used by Sword Saint Nian Er in his younger days!"</p> 
<p>"Come back quickly." Nian Er Yi Fang was in high spirits, but quickly and anxiously transmitted his voice to Nian Er Ping Zhi.</p> 
<p>Nian Er Ping Zhi had killed Granny Yin, but he had also suffered heavy injuries.</p> 
<p>He quickly retreated, but before leaving, he naturally brought the two halves of Granny Yin's body with him.</p> 
<p>One half of the corpse had Granny Yin's immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>This was Nian Er Ping Zhi's spoils of battle.</p> 
<p>Chu Sect did not stop him, this was one of the rules stated in the competition agreement.</p> 
<p>It was like when Xue Wu Hen who had stored away Gu Immortal Liu Hui's corpse.</p> 
<p>However, Xue Wu Hen might have won three battles, but he only killed the rank six Gu Immortal Liu Hui. While Nian Er Ping Zhi might have only won one battle, but he took a rank seven demonic path Gu Immortal, Granny Yin's, life.</p> 
<p>Thus, the righteous path's side was slightly leading.</p> 
<p>Chu Du was feeling the pressure.</p> 
<p>The slight dominance brought by Xue Wu Hen had now been balanced out by Nian Er Ping Zhi.</p> 
<p>"Who should I send in this next battle?"</p> 
<p>Chu Du was hesitating.</p> 
<p>Soon, the result of this battle reached Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was still in Lang Ya blessed land, cultivating.</p> 
<p>"Nian Er Ping Zhi killed Granny Yin?" Fang Yuan was only slightly surprised before he accepted this fact.</p> 
<p>There were many genius experts who were able to achieve the feat of winning against rank seven with rank six cultivation.</p> 
<p>But using rank seven cultivation to fight rank eight was extremely rare.</p> 
<p>Nian Er Ping Zhi... Fang Yuan did not have any impression of this person in his memories. After all, in his first life, Fang Yuan was still a mortal around this time, and was not at all aware of the events in the Gu Immortal world or Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world.</p> 
<p>What made Fang Yuan more interested was instead Xue Wu Hen.</p> 
<p>Precisely speaking, it was the loot in Xue Wu Hen's possession — that Gu Immortal, Liu Hui's, blessed land.</p> 
<p>"Gu Immortal Liu Hui is an earth path Gu Immortal who has gone through two heavenly tribulations, his blessed land is suitable for me to annex. With this, my cultivation can also rise and reach rank seven."</p> 
<p>As he thought of this, Fang Yuan immediately wrote a reply.</p> 
<p>He took the initiative to request for Chu Du's help in expressing his intention of buying the immortal aperture from Xue Wu Hen.</p> 
<p>As for the invitation of Chu Du asking Fang Yuan to help, Fang Yuan used the reason of being in secluded cultivation to delay in a roundabout way.</p> 
<p>"I need to raise my cultivation to rank seven first, it won't be too late to join this blood battle martial competition then."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan slightly shook his head, throwing the news of this blood battle martial competition to the back of his mind.</p> 
<p>The Chu Sect alliance agreement he had was rather lenient. Even if Chu Sect was annihilated, Fang Yuan could choose not to show up and it would not be a problem.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan prioritized raising his cultivation, all the other things were secondary.</p> 
<p>Chu Du received Fang Yuan's reply.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not come, which made Chu Du frown.</p> 
<p>"Sigh, if Elder Liu Guan Yi could come, I would not be in this difficult spot." Chu Du heaved a sigh.</p> 
<p>Xue Wu Hen was standing beside Chu Du, and curiously asked when he heard Chu Du: "Hearing Brother Chu's tone, it seems you hold this Elder Liu Guan Yi in high esteem."</p> 
<p>Chu Du laughed: "He had mentioned you in his letter, hoping you can sell Liu Hui's immortal aperture to him."</p> 
<p>Xue Wu Hen shook his head: "I could not get Liu Hui's Immortal Gu, but the resources inside the immortal aperture are my battle spoils. I don't know their value, so how can I sell them?"</p> 
<p>His intention of refusal was extremely obvious.</p>
    </body>
</html>
