<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1729: Nine-nine Consecutive Unceasing Formation</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1729: Nine-nine Consecutive Unceasing Formation</h1>
        
        <p>Because of Yao Huang's notice, Wu Yong was mentally prepared that Fang Yuan was coming.</p> 
<p>He was an ambitious person, even though he had deep enmity with Fang Yuan, Heavenly Court was the common foe now. Dealing with Heavenly Court and preventing fate Gu from being fully repaired would give Wu Yong the greatest benefits, for this sake, he could put down his feuds and cooperate with Fang Yuan now.</p> 
<p>"Friend Wu Yong is truly wise and clear headed." Yao Huang praised.</p> 
<p>Immediately after, Chi Qu You and the rest also resounded: "Not just Alliance Leader Wu Yong, the super forces of Southern Border are also willing to resist Heavenly Court with Fang Yuan ignoring our past feuds."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had killed many Southern Border Gu Immortal captives for his own gains, but they were also making the same decision now for the sake of the big picture.</p> 
<p>They were being logical, but the bigger reason was that this situation was truly dangerous, and Heavenly Court was very powerful!</p> 
<p>Bing Sai Chuan not only told Yao Huang and Fang Yuan about Heavenly Court's current situation, the information was also given to Wu Yong and the rest. This made the Southern Alliance immortals even clearer about their current situation.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court and Emperor City were hopeless already, the only chance of victory was here.</p> 
<p>Only by using their time well and destroying the formation rapidly could they prevent the final batch of success dao marks from being sent to Heavenly Court, that would force them to hold the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention once again.</p> 
<p>"Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, go destroy this formation." At this time, Fang Yuan sent several Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies towards the formation.</p> 
<p>In the current era, dream path was still underdeveloped, there were only several seeds, it had not grown yet.</p> 
<p>Against the corrosion of the dream realm, almost all immortal Gu formations, regardless of ranks, could not block it. Unless it was an immortal formation possessing dream path Gu worms, or had relevant dream path methods to block that corrosion.</p> 
<p>But right when the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies got close to the formation, a change occurred.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Shatter Dream!</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Pure Dream Reality Seeker Transformation!</p> 
<p>With the use of two killer moves, Fang Yuan's Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies shattered at the first moment, they started to spread towards the surroundings.</p> 
<p>Next, these shattered dream realms gathered into new Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies as they attacked Fang Yuan instead.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's pupils shrunk, he was secretly shocked.</p> 
<p>He did not expect that Heavenly Court would obtain such methods already.</p> 
<p>Even though he knew it was a matter of time, he did not think it would be so fast.</p> 
<p>But soon, his dejected feelings vanished, he regained his calm and icy temperament.</p> 
<p>Thoughts appeared and clashed in his mind, he rapidly tried to think of a solution to this.</p> 
<p>"They can actually reverse my control over the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies and the transformation? Is it because Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was captured and his memories were obtained by them?" Fang Yuan was approached by several Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies as he quickly retreated.</p> 
<p>He had many powerful killer moves but against the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, they were quite lackluster.</p> 
<p>This move was quite invincible in this world, back then, Heaven Overseeing Tower and even Duke Long and Purple Mountain True Monarch were forced to avoid the dream realm.</p> 
<p>But thankfully, Fang Yuan was not helpless.</p> 
<p>Inside the sovereign immortal aperture, the time path clone was bathed in the light of wisdom, it continued to make deductions for him.</p> 
<p>Even though Fang Yuan did not have shatter dream killer move to deal with the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, he was very familiar with the killer move pure dream reality seeker transformation.</p> 
<p>Even Heavenly Court could not truly comprehend pure dream reality seeker transformation in just a few years. The likely reason was that they had obtained Spectral Soul's memories.</p> 
<p>Precisely so, Fang Yuan could use his original pure dream reality seeker killer move to retaliate and use the light of wisdom to create a counter killer move instead.</p> 
<p>"The time path clone's deductions will take some time." Fang Yuan considered his countermeasures as he flew into the sky.</p> 
<p>Several Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies chased him relentlessly, while a few went towards unlimited wind and the other Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>The Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies self-detonated as unlimited wind was greatly affected, its power was falling rapidly.</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian and the rest had no choice but to dodge.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan contacted Wu Yong but his first sentence made Wu Yong shook: "Northern Plains' Prince Feng Xian is a spy of Heavenly Court!"</p> 
<p>Wu Yong attacked the formation as he asked: "Evidence?"</p> 
<p>"My words themselves are evidence. In this situation, I have no reason to lie!" Fang Yuan immediately answered: "I do not have enough dream realms now, I need to gather more dream realms from Southern Border and create Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies to fight. Quickly inform the Gu Immortals there to support me."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and Heavenly Court were opposing enemies, his accusation towards Prince Feng Xian had no evidence, but it was like he said, his words were clear evidence.</p> 
<p>After all, the world knew about his Spring Autumn Cicada.</p> 
<p>This secret had once caused Fang Yuan great problems when it was exposed, but now, it gained Wu Yong's trust.</p> 
<p>At the crucial moment, Wu Yong did not hesitate, since he was working with Fang Yuan already, they might as well enter a deeper cooperation, Heavenly Court was the true enemy now!</p> 
<p>"Alright, I will tell the others, you can go now." At this moment, Wu Yong felt a complex emotion. He had never thought that one day, he would purposely give the orders to receive Fang Yuan's arrival!</p> 
<p>At this moment, Chi Qu You's voice resounded in Wu Yong's ears: "I have already deciphered this formation, quickly attack this place, it is the true formation core!"</p> 
<p>Wu Yong was overjoyed, he forgot about Fang Yuan for a moment as he gave orders to attack the location that Chi Qu You pointed out, after destroying the formation core, this formation became much slower and duller.</p> 
<p>Black Extremity Sun Ming Lu looked at them with great admiration and surprise.</p> 
<p>After entering the formation, Chi Qu You had always outperformed him and comprehended the profundities of the formations using a shorter time, he had no choice but to feel admiration.</p> 
<p>"We should follow Lord Chi Qu You's arrangements, let's assist these Southern Border allies." Black Extremity put down his competitive spirit as he suggested towards Yao Huang who was beside him.</p> 
<p>Yao Huang frowned but agreed.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan easily got rid of his pursuers, these Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies were inferior to Li Huang and Qing Ye.</p> 
<p>Using Fixed Immortal Travel's killer move, Fang Yuan went back to Southern Border and obtained a large number of dream realms, with them, he created more Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies and went for Heavenly Court's formation.</p> 
<p>In this situation, dealing with the enemy's Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies was secondary, the main goal was to destroy the formation and stop Heavenly Court from repairing fate Gu.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had never forgotten his true motive.</p> 
<p>However, all the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies who got close to the formation shattered and were turned into enemies as they attacked Fang Yuan once again.</p> 
<p>Furthermore, these Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies could communicate, Fang Yuan's side was suffering more losses than gains.</p> 
<p>These situations started to make Fang Yuan realize: "It seems that Heavenly Court has already modified the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies!"</p> 
<p>At this time, Wu Yong transmitted: "Fang Yuan, continue to send more Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies at the formation, we have already found many flaws of the formation."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought in his mind: "It seems that Heavenly Court did not truly merge dream path methods with this formation. Each time they deal with my Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, they are also disrupting with the formation's operations itself, causing flaws to form."</p> 
<p>These flaws were simply too obvious to Chi Qu You and Black Extremity. Using these chances, Wu Yong and the rest attacked with great results.</p> 
<p>But this way, Fang Yuan's dream realms would continuously be turned into Heavenly Court's resources, they will gain an increasing number of Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies.</p> 
<p>"It seems that I really need to unravel their Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies!" Fang Yuan's heart sank slightly, this was a problem that he could not avoid resolving.</p> 
<p>It was not that he did not want to enter the formation to help out, but there were already Chi Qu You, Wu Yong, and others, with his monopoly over dream path methods, he was much needed outside.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan started to fight against these Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies.</p> 
<p>At the same time, he transmitted to the rest: "There is an important thing now, Heavenly Court's human path killer move, can anyone get rid of these white lights?"</p> 
<p>Nobody answered.</p> 
<p>In the end, Yi Hao Fang answered dejectedly: "Human path's specialty is in support, because human path dao marks will not interrupt other paths' dao marks or conflict with them. Unless we use human path methods that are at least rank eight, we cannot resolve this."</p> 
<p>Yi Hao Fang cultivated transformation path but he was also very skilled at supporting others. This was because of his signature killer move — Human Transformation. With his words, Fang Yuan gave up on this aspect.</p> 
<p>They could not unravel heroes among people, while Prince Feng Xian was also a huge threat.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan, Wu Yong, and the rest did not want to expose him for now. Killing a rank eight was too difficult.</p> 
<p>They might as well pretend to not know and focus on breaking the formation instead, preventing Heavenly Court from succeeding was more important.</p> 
<p>As time passed, Fang Yuan finally gained some breakthrough in his deductions.</p> 
<p>He took a risk and captured an enemy Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body successfully, experimenting on it.</p> 
<p>"This is actually a complete Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body! It has been modified entirely, it is now truly the eleventh extreme physique." Fang Yuan sighed at his great gains.</p> 
<p>He quickly modified pure dream reality seeker transformation as he started to learn Heavenly Court's method.</p> 
<p>As his Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies became modified again, they accompanied Wu Yong and Yao Huang, destroying many formations in succession.</p> 
<p>"There are still more?" Yao Huang frowned deeply.</p> 
<p>One formation after another formation, it was as if Heavenly Court had an unlimited number of formations.</p> 
<p>This scene made Wu Yong and the rest feel a little dejected.</p> 
<p>"Strange, how can Heavenly Court possibly set up so many immortal formations? Unless…" Black Extremity hesitated.</p> 
<p>Chi Qu You pondered as he said: "I understand, this is the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation!"</p> 
<p>"Nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, this name is quite familiar…" Wu Yong had a bad feeling.</p> 
<p>Chi Qu You sighed: "Legend says that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable predicted Heavenly Court's problem in the future and set up the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation. When Limitless Demon Venerable attacked Heavenly Court, he entered this formation and only broke out after destroying a hundred formations."</p> 
<p>"This formation is actually a giant compound formation, it can mix and match using its nine sub-formations, the true problem is that when we destroy a formation, Heavenly Court would be able to set up a new one at the core area, as long as our breaking speed is not as fast as their setting up speed, this will be endless."</p> 
<p>Chi Qu You's words were like a cold bucket of water poured onto these immortals.</p> 
<p>What should they do now?</p>
    </body>
</html>
