<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1557: Counterattack</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1557: Counterattack</h1>
        
        <p>"Die!" Jing Lan gave a loud shout, her eyes shining with joy as she watched the beam of light bombard Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>She was a rank eight Gu Immortal with extremely high battle strength, but she had to live under Spectral Soul Demon Venerable's shadow her whole life. She had woken up because of Dang Hun Mountain's self-detonation, and when she saw Spectral Soul captured and resisting futilely, the feelings which she had hidden in the depths of her heart surged out.</p> 
<p>"Shock, anger, pity, joy, and also… fear! Spectral Soul, you were once so tough, but now you have become a prisoner. I am going to kill your inheritor now, I awakened at a really good time. By killing your inheritor, I shall eliminate the fear towards you that is rooted in the depths of my heart!"</p> 
<p>"Then, I will bring Fang Yuan's head before you, and you will also be killed by me. Hahaha, there will be a day when you will die by my hands. This is unbelievable, it is like a dream, hahaha!"</p> 
<p>Thunder Ghost True Monarch Jing Lan was laughing madly inside her mind.</p> 
<p>"Something is wrong, quickly stop now!" Right at this time, Jing Lan suddenly heard a voice.</p> 
<p>"It is too late!" Jing Lan's eyes were filled with blood-thirst and killing intent, but soon she was slightly stunned.</p> 
<p>"This voice is somewhat familiar… right, it is that junior Zi Wei! So it was not Fang Yuan's backup, wait a moment, what did she mean?" This thought crossed Jing Lan's mind.</p> 
<p>The blood-thirsty intent in Jing Lan's eyes immediately dissipated by a large degree, revealing clarity.</p> 
<p>She quickly retreated.</p> 
<p>"Too late!" Fang Yuan's expression suddenly changed, his previously panicking and fearful look instantly disappeared, replaced by certainty of success and fighting spirit that soared to the skies!</p> 
<p>He shook his dragon body, instead of dodging, he moved towards the sky, directly crashing towards Jing Lan's fatal killer move!</p> 
<p>The beam violently struck Fang Yuan's body, but Fang Yuan's dragon body was covered in a layer of reverse flow protection seal which had a completely different appearance at this moment, it had not only recovered its original state, it was also flowing with traces of mysterious light.</p> 
<p>Reverse flow protection seal had a completely new transformation at this crucial moment!</p> 
<p>Variation move!</p> 
<p>The beam of light could not break this reverse flow protection seal and was reflected back smoothly.</p> 
<p>"What?!" Jing Lan's pupils shrunk, even though she had a lot of battle experience, her expression revealed a frightened look at this moment.</p> 
<p>Earlier in the battle, she had fought Fang Yuan while holding back. Even if the abilities bounced back, she could absorb them or endure the damage.</p> 
<p>But this attack was completely different!</p> 
<p>She had used this move with all her strength, and this move by itself was a rank eight immortal killer move.</p> 
<p>If she had succeeded in this move, it was certain to not only break reverse flow protection seal, but also kill Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>But now, her full-strength killer move was actually completely reflected.</p> 
<p>Jing Lan wanted to give Fang Yuan no time to dodge, so the distance between the two were extremely close. Right now, Jing Lan wanted to dodge but did not have enough time, her mood was also intensely fluctuating because of the shadow of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable rooted deep in her heart, and there was also another important reason, her state was far from perfect!</p> 
<p>She had rank eight cultivation, although she had the ability to enter deep into the regional wall, her body was not the sovereign immortal body after all, she would suffer damage from the backlash.</p> 
<p>While chasing Fang Yuan and gaining the upper hand, she was filled with satisfaction and hatred, so she did not sense it. But now that she was trying to dodge, she shockingly discovered — her state was poor!</p> 
<p>With all these reasons piled up, Jing Lan had no time to dodge and could only face the beam of light head-on.</p> 
<p>Boom—!</p> 
<p>The light bombarded Jing Lan's body, erupting with glaring radiance like the sun had descended on the battlefield. Even Fang Yuan, who had transformed into an ancient sword dragon, had to firmly close his eyes.</p> 
<p>But at the next moment, the radiance dimmed a little, Fang Yuan endured the pain to forcibly open his eyes.</p> 
<p>Kill!</p> 
<p>He barely managed to distinguish Jing Lan's extremely tiny and fragile body within the endless white radiance.</p> 
<p>Her ferocious and thick whole-body armor had completely disintegrated, revealing her physical immortal body.</p> 
<p>Being hit by her own full strength attack, Jing Lan's eyes rolled back into her head as she fell unconscious, blood flowing out from all the pores in her body.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan opened his mouth revealing sharp fangs, as he moved his dragon body and charged at Jing Lan.</p> 
<p>With his limbs expanding to an exaggerated degree, Fang Yuan slashed down with his claws!</p> 
<p>"Damn it! Damn it! I actually fell for his scheme." In Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei's eyes were wide open in anger and self-blame: "He had actually modified reverse flow protection seal to this degree, creating a new variation move. The previous reverse flow protection seal was a trap to deal with me. Once I deduced it, he would use the variation move to form a completely different reverse flow protection seal. Fang Yuan… inconceivable… how could his wisdom path attainment be so deep?!"</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei had all along thought of Fang Yuan highly, but this fact in front of her was a huge slap to her face.</p> 
<p>She had thought she held the upper hand. Since the battle of Reverse Flow River, she had begun gathering information and put great efforts in deducing reverse flow protection seal. In the later event when Feng Jiu Ge chased after and fought Fang Yuan, she had been deducing with all her strength from behind the scenes, until Thunder Ghost True Monarch set off this time.</p> 
<p>She felt she had accumulated enough and it was finally time to reap the gains, but she had never expected it all to be Fang Yuan's trap and scheme.</p> 
<p>The wisdom path attainment Fang Yuan showed far surpassed Fairy Zi Wei's expectations!</p> 
<p>"But how is this possible? Wait, did he borrow the power of wisdom Gu? But wisdom Gu is clearly wild. Only rank nine venerables can refine this Gu and use it. Fang Yuan is only rank seven, and there is also no one with such capability in the whole of Lang Ya Sect. Even if they had rank nine immortal essence, it would require a venerable's will to battle wisdom Gu's will. In the records in Heavenly Court, after Star Constellation Immortal Venerable became rank nine, she had spent close to one hundred years to subdue and refine rank nine wisdom Gu!"</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei was baffled.</p> 
<p>Thin beads of sweat covered her forehead, and in just a few moments, she was actually perspiring.</p> 
<p>"Senior Jing Lan definitely suffered severe damage from this attack, she must hold on!" Fairy Zi Wei had deduced this rank eight killer move and was of course aware of its power. The investigative killer move she had put on Jing Lan was also destroyed by this attack, Fairy Zi Wei had already lost her surveillance of the battle situation.</p> 
<p>She immediately sent Chen Yi and others to the regional wall battlefield to reinforce Thunder Ghost True Monarch.</p> 
<p>She herself, however, stayed in Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Duke Long was completely focused on nurturing Feng Jin Huang, he was not here. Spectral Soul was putting up stiff resistance and needed to be monitored at all times. Heavenly Court also needed Fairy Zi Wei to oversee the whole situation.</p> 
<p>Crack crack!</p> 
<p>A series of crisp sounds resounded from Jing Lan's body.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's sharp dragon claws fiercely stabbed Jing Lan's chest.</p> 
<p>But at the crucial moment, armor interwoven with dense amounts of lightning appeared in front of Jing Lan's chest.</p> 
<p>When the dragon claws landed on this armor, it was like striking the hardest steel.</p> 
<p>This was a rank eight passive defensive killer move, even if the Gu Immortal was unconscious, it could activate by itself if there was an attack.</p> 
<p>If it were before, Fang Yuan would be like a rat fighting a bull. But now, this lightning armor already looked badly damaged from one attack, it was not in its complete form.</p> 
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan used all his strength and tore down at it!</p> 
<p>The dragon claws steadily slashed down, cutting down Jing Lan's flesh from her left shoulder to the right side of her waist. Wherever the claws passed by, lightning flashed as the lightning armor was torn apart. Three of Jing Lan's hard rib bones were also severed by Fang Yuan's claws.</p> 
<p>The dragon claws were completely intact!</p> 
<p>Immortal essence was rapidly expended to maintain the reverse flow protection seal that steadfastly protected Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Without this layer of protection, the dragon claws might have fractured into countless pieces just from cutting down half the way.</p> 
<p>The intense pain woke up Jing Lan, she was indeed a highly experienced fighter, a rank eight great expert who had resisted Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, in that instant, she realized her situation and let out a shrill scream.</p> 
<p>This scream was not a random scream, but an immortal killer move.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan only frowned, he was completely safe.</p> 
<p>On the contrary, this attack was completely reflected back to Jing Lan by reverse flow protection seal.</p> 
<p>Jing Lan's eardrums immediately burst, her mind fell into chaos as a huge amount of blood surged internally in her head. Blood surged out of even her eyeballs, dyeing her vision red.</p> 
<p>Jing Lan had extraordinary battle accomplishments but maybe because she had immediately set off to fight Fang Yuan after waking up from her hibernation without loosening up and retraining her skills. Or maybe because she was startled awake from the pain and after seeing her severe injuries, she subconsciously reacted to protect herself too quickly, forgetting Fang Yuan's reverse flow protection seal had already underwent a complete change, which led to her making this mistake and inflicting severe damage on herself!</p> 
<p>Taking advantage of her situation to kill her!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's dragon eyes shone with a cruel and sinister light.</p> 
<p>He swung his tail, ruthlessly knocking down Jing Lan from the air.</p> 
<p>Boom, the ground shook, Jing Lan was smashed to the ground like a flesh ball, creating a ten feet wide deep crater.</p> 
<p>"Damn it!" Jing Lan gritted her teeth, struggling to get up.</p> 
<p>Her injuries were extremely severe, her armor was gone and three of her rib bones were split, her beating heart and the constantly expanding and shrinking lungs could be seen from outside.</p> 
<p>Roar—!</p> 
<p>At the next moment, Fang Yuan opened his mouth as wide as possible and let out his dragon breath.</p> 
<p>Sword light dragon breath!</p> 
<p>Dragon breath with unparalleled sharpness gushed out!</p> 
<p>The silver-white dragon breath fell down heavily upon Jing Lan's body like a waterfall.</p> 
<p>Jing Lan had just stood up and the thoughts in her mind had mostly settled when the dragon breath bombarded her. With a plop, she was forced to kneel down on one knee.</p> 
<p>"I was actually forced to kneel down by a rank seven Gu Immortal?!" A strong sensation of humiliation filled Jing Lan's heart, anger and hatred surging within her mind.</p> 
<p>"Ahhhhhhh!" Jing Lan roared towards the sky, and along with her furious roar, blue lightning erupted out of her countless pores.</p> 
<p>Lightning interwove together before fiercely expanding.</p> 
<p>Rumble…!!</p> 
<p>Endless lightning formed into a hemispherical light barrier that repelled everything in the surroundings.</p> 
<p>Within its area, be it Fang Yuan's dragon breath or the surrounding miasma, they were all burnt to a crisp by the lightning.</p> 
<p>"Rank eight might is indeed not ordinary. But this attack should be your last burst of strength, right? You are already a spent force! Myriad dragon!" Fang Yuan roared.</p>
    </body>
</html>
