<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1904: Territory Gu</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1904: Territory Gu</h1>
        
        <p>Within the regret crying sea area, immortals were present.</p> 
<p>Miao Ming Shen and the other three each stayed in a supplementary formation, they activated their formations as the power continued to seep into the underwater formation.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was setting up his immortal formation now.</p> 
<p>His aura was radiating at rank seven level, his body was covered in a light green halo, his eyes were filled with blue light, resembling lightning in the sea.</p> 
<p>Waving his hand, a large number of mortal Gu flew into the sky like a swarm of bees, circling around and forming the shape of a supplementary formation.</p> 
<p>Next, Fang Yuan took out immortal materials and used his killer moves to fill up this supplementary formation.</p> 
<p>The newly arrived Ren Xiu Ping and others looked at Fang Yuan with gleaming eyes, they were silent upon seeing his formation arrangement.</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortals all had complex expressions, even Shen Cong Sheng was the same.</p> 
<p>"Being able to use immortal materials to set up formations, he is a formation path grandmaster."</p> 
<p>"Chu Ying cultivates transformation path, to think that he has such attainment in formation path, this is very rare. How does he dual cultivate?"</p> 
<p>"Perhaps he found a way to cultivate both transformation path and formation path without conflict, like how Heavenly Court's Thunder Ghost True Monarch cultivated lightning path and soul path, or how Nine Spiritual Fairy cultivates transformation path and enslavement path."</p> 
<p>"It is not as simple as just a formation path grandmaster, Chu Ying's proficiency in creating formations is very high, and most impressively, he does not lack formation path immortal killer moves, his efficiency at creating formations is truly amazing!"</p> 
<p>The immortals watched with increasing shock as Fang Yuan displayed his incredible formation path attainment.</p> 
<p>"With such methods, he can handle a lot of missions on the Merit Obelisk."</p> 
<p>"Most of the Merit Obelisk missions involve channeling of rivers and managing the ecology, this is very advantageous for Chu Ying."</p> 
<p>"No wonder he could complete so many formations!"</p> 
<p>"Ordinary formation path Gu Immortals need Immortal Gu to create immortal formations. But Chu Ying is a formation path grandmaster, he only needs to use immortal materials. This is too terrifying."</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortals could not help but feel envy and jealousy, especially towards Miao Ming Shen and group who had joined Chu Ying much earlier and had a head start.</p> 
<p>Ren Xiu Ping was already starting to consider if he should abandon Shen clan after this mission and defect to Fang Yuan instead.</p> 
<p>Looking at the current situation, Fang Yuan was very magnanimous, earlier, even though Ren Xiu Ping was enemies with him, he had completely ignored it at the moment.</p> 
<p>Ren Xiu Ping's worry was that Fang Yuan already had Miao Ming Shen's group, even Tu Tou Tuo and Zeng Luo Zi had a closer relationship to Fang Yuan than him.</p> 
<p>"In Chu Ying's perspective, he could simply cooperate with the people he liked. Why would he seek the cooperation of an enemy like me?"</p> 
<p>Ren Xiu Ping had a thought: "Even though he had formation path grandmaster attainment level, being able to use immortal materials to set up formations, his greatest limitation is also immortal materials. If he lacks immortal materials, I can contribute them to him and deepen our cooperation and relationship."</p> 
<p>Ren Xiu Ping decided to give up some of his personal benefits, that was the only way he could entice Fang Yuan into cooperating with him.</p> 
<p>"This formation has been created, Ren Xiu Ping, please go and defend it." Fang Yuan spoke at this time.</p> 
<p>He had already set up several formations, this was like the previous few ones, even though they were made in the sky, once they were completed, they would sink into the sea.</p> 
<p>"Sure, sure." Ren Xiu Ping smiled as he flew down, he entered the formation without checking it closely.</p> 
<p>Ren Xiu Ping did not have formation path attainment, even if Fang Yuan created the formation before his very eyes, he could not understanding the profundity of this supplementary formation, but he believed that with Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable's arrangements, Fang Yuan could not harm him.</p> 
<p>Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable restricted Gu Immortals from fighting each other, it allowed them to trust each other to a large extent.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan continued to set up formations.</p> 
<p>One, two three...</p> 
<p>One by one, Gu Immortals entered their formations, the supplementary formations were getting stronger.</p> 
<p>Ren Xiu Ping's expression was not good now.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan seemed to have an endless supply of immortal materials!</p> 
<p>During this period of time, he saw domination copper, earthly limit astral qi, green jade wind, dark inkstone, heaven flying jade...</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's deep wealth silenced all of the immortals.</p> 
<p>Ren Xiu Ping even gasped in shock several times.</p> 
<p>With such wealth, how could he possibly compare?</p> 
<p>And the thing that made Ren Xiu Ping the most dejected was Fang Yuan's attitude.</p> 
<p>He spent all of these immortal materials to create formations, he did not even blink or hesitate, he was completely indifferent about the cost!</p> 
<p>Even though Fang Yuan lacked immortal materials, that was for the sake of advancing his Immortal Gu. The immortal materials used to create these formations were merely just a tiny portion of Fang Yuan's treasury, even if he had to create another hundred supplementary formations, he could easily afford it.</p> 
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan's actions were simply showing that he was incredibly affluent in the eyes of Ren Xiu Ping and the other Gu Immortals!</p> 
<p>After expending some time and effort, all the supplementary formations were finally created.</p> 
<p>Shen Cong Sheng and the rest went into their own formations that were scattered all around the underwater formation, if one watched from above, it would resemble the tail of a peacock.</p> 
<p>Every single supplementary formation resembled the feathers that formed the eye of a peacock tail, they gathered strength that flowed all the way into the underwater formation.</p> 
<p>The supplementary formations looked similar but they all had different effects.</p> 
<p>This was because Fang Yuan modified every supplementary formation according to the respective Gu Immortal using it, for example, Miao Ming Shen's supplementary formation had space path immortal materials, it could raise his efficiency. Ren Xiu Ping's supplementary formation had several spaces in it that could accommodate desolate beasts, it would allow him to use his enslavement path expertise.</p> 
<p>Other than that, the supplementary formations also had specific locations. Fang Yuan placed the weaker immortals like Hua Die and Feng Jiang at the periphery. Shen Cong Sheng who was the strongest was closest to the underwater formation.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan also created a supplementary formation for himself.</p> 
<p>He entered it.</p> 
<p>This supplementary formation was a refinement path Gu formation, its only use was to amplify the power of Fang Yuan's refinement path killer moves.</p> 
<p>Within the supplementary formation, Fang Yuan activated his killer move — Refinement Formation Rain!</p> 
<p>At once, rain started to drizzle above the sea.</p> 
<p>Countless raindrops entered the underwater formation, the might of refinement path was displayed as Gu worms were refined by Fang Yuan one by one.</p> 
<p>Shen Cong Sheng and the others did not find this rain powerful initially, but after a while, their eyes were opened wide.</p> 
<p>Because during this short period of time, Fang Yuan had already refined the outer layer of the underwater formation.</p> 
<p>"What killer move is this? It worked against this underwater formation!"</p> 
<p>"It looks like a refinement path killer move?" Some were uncertain.</p> 
<p>"Such a powerful refinement path killer move... does Chu Ying cultivate refinement path too?" Some found it unbelievable.</p> 
<p>"This should be the effect of that supplementary formation!"</p> 
<p>The Gu Immortals thought about it for a long time, they subconsciously decided to attribute it to the power of Fang Yuan's supplementary formation.</p> 
<p>If Chu Ying also had such terrifying attainment in refinement path, able to refine the formation of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, wouldn't he be a triple cultivator?</p> 
<p>How would Ren Xiu Ping, Miao Ming Shen, and all these other elites who cultivated one path feel!</p> 
<p>Even if it was the power of the supplementary formation, these Gu Immortals were still immensely shocked.</p> 
<p>Shen Cong Sheng's pupils shrunk slightly, compared to the supplementary formation's power, he was more shocked at Fang Yuan's ambition.</p> 
<p>He already understood it.</p> 
<p>All of them controlling the supplementary formations were like crowbars while the underwater formation was like a tightly sealed wooden box.</p> 
<p>The power of the supplementary formation invaded the underwater formation, it was like the crowbars trying to pry open the box.</p> 
<p>Meanwhile, Fang Yuan controlled the supplementary formation that was the core of this entire formation, it could flow in using the crack opened by the crowbars, to invade and turn these wooden boards into his own possession!</p> 
<p>"Such formation path attainment, such ambition... he wants to take the entire formation for himself!"</p> 
<p>"Chu Ying..." Shen Cong Sheng had a solemn expression, he secretly engraved this name into his heart.</p> 
<p>This was not the first time Fang Yuan was using this refinement formation rain killer move.</p> 
<p>This move used rank eight water refinement Immortal Gu as the core. Fang Yuan used many Gu worms to suppress the rank eight aura, disguising it as rank seven.</p> 
<p>After rebirth, he annexed Lang Ya Sect and gained rank eight Immortal Gu Water Refinement, he created this move.</p> 
<p>After returning to Southern Border, he used this killer move to refine Chi Qu You's formation and captured many Gu Immortals inside the formation.</p> 
<p>This time, Fang Yuan used it with rank seven aura again, with the concealment of the supplementary formation, Shen Cong Sheng could not tell that it was truly rank eight.</p> 
<p>The power of a rank eight killer move was truly extraordinary, the underwater formation was slowly refined by Fang Yuan bit by bit.</p> 
<p>The more he refined it, the greater his control over the formation, with the help of his supplementary formations, he progressed with great speed without much problem.</p> 
<p>However, after he refined thirty percent of the formation, refinement formation rain's effect fell drastically, his progress slowed down.</p> 
<p>"Refinement formation rain is just a killer move, the actual effect depends on my understanding of this underwater formation." Fang Yuan expected this, he was not surprised, he was sufficiently patient.</p> 
<p>He decided to spend some time here, to get regret Gu and the other Immortal Gu in the formation, his investments were worth it.</p> 
<p>Originally, he was worried about the other Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>But now that Shen Cong Sheng had been invited here, Fang Yuan was not afraid that other Gu Immortals would use this time to surpass his contribution ranking.</p> 
<p>The rate of formation refinement got slower and slower, eventually, Fang Yuan hit a brick.</p> 
<p>This was an earth path rank seven Immortal Gu, its body was flat like a disk, yellowish brown, with a head and a tail, and four tentacles that look like hooks, growing evenly around the disk.</p> 
<p>"This is territory Gu. Once a Gu Immortal plants it deep into the soil, it will emit a profound power that affects the surrounding soil and spreads out until it reaches its limit, everything that is within a thousand li of that territory will be controlled by the Gu Immortal." Fang Yuan recognized this Gu.</p> 
<p>Territory Gu was very commonly seen.</p> 
<p>Especially in Southern Border.</p> 
<p>Many villages, even if they were not proficient in earth path, would try to get a rank three or four territory Gu. The village would plant this Gu in the soil and let a Gu Master in a position of authority use it, to raise and maintain their control over this territory.</p> 
<p>Territory Gu was a very useful Gu worm but it was very expensive, it was often used by forces. Individual Gu Masters did not need it.</p> 
<p>Territory Immortal Gu was actually kept within Dragon Whale Paradise, this Gu was quite useful to Fang Yuan as well.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan could conveniently use this Gu worm to manage his immortal aperture. He could alter the landscape of the territory that he creates using territory Gu.</p> 
<p>Even if it was not useful, Fang Yuan still had to refine this earth path Immortal Gu. It was the key obstacle now, it stopped Fang Yuan from progressing further.</p>
    </body>
</html>
