<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1378: Wu Yong&apos;s Chase</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1378: Wu Yong&apos;s Chase</h1>
        
        <p>Even Heaven Overseeing Tower, which had rank nine fate Immortal Gu, was corroded when it fell into a dream realm. In the battle of the giant dream realm, Duke Long had personally tried it and Heaven Overseeing Tower had been in its phantom state as well, but it was not spared.</p> 
<p>Heaven Overseeing Tower faced such a situation, there was no need to discuss the rank seven Immortal Gu House, Bay Pavilion.</p> 
<p>The moment it was trapped in the dream realms, the whole of Bay Pavilion began to slowly break apart. Yi clan's Gu Immortals sensed they had lost control over a large amount of Gu worms.</p> 
<p>This situation immediately gave these Yi clan Gu Immortals an unprecedented shock.</p> 
<p>Without any hesitation, they began to activate Bay Pavilion's strongest method.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Boundless Sea and Sky!</p> 
<p>Bay Pavilion rumbled and burst out with dazzling blue light, but it could not pierce through the dream realms.</p> 
<p>However, the immortal killer move was still activated, the next moment, Bay Pavilion suddenly disappeared.</p> 
<p>It crossed a whole seventy thousand li and arrived at another area, completely leaving the battlefield.</p> 
<p>The whole of Bay Pavilion was in ruins, and no longer looked as majestic as before.</p> 
<p>The Yi clan Gu Immortals took large breaths, some were even soaked in sweat.</p> 
<p>"We escaped! That was truly dangerous, if we were just a little slower, we might have truly been trapped."</p> 
<p>"The dream realms are too terrifying. Even an Immortal Gu House has no resistance."</p> 
<p>"No wonder someone prophesied that Great Dream Immortal Venerable would be the strongest venerable."</p> 
<p>"Damn it, we could not catch those Shadow Sect scoundrels!"</p> 
<p>Yi clan's Gu Immortals rejoiced for a while before they clenched their teeth. They had retreated, it was too late for them to go back. Shadow Sect's members would have definitely used the upper extreme heavenly eagle to escape.</p> 
<p>Not long ago, when Bay Pavilion had discovered traces of Fang Yuan and the others, they had to spend quite a bit of effort before they were able to catch up.</p> 
<p>According to both sides' strength, Yi clan, which had the rank seven Immortal Gu House, should have been slightly stronger. Even though the upper extreme heavenly eagle was rank eight, it had no way to deal with Bay Pavilion in a short period of time. Yi clan could attack, defend, advance or retreat freely, on the other hand, Fang Yuan's side was a motley crew of Gu Immortals, they could be dealt with one by one.</p> 
<p>What increased the confidence of Yi clan's Gu Immortals even more was that as long as they delayed for some time, they could wait for reinforcements from other super forces.</p> 
<p>They possessed a rank seven Immortal Gu House, they only had to make no mistakes and they would be able to delay Fang Yuan and the others.</p> 
<p>In fact, Yi clan Gu Immortals did exactly that.</p> 
<p>They had activated the immortal killer move water life resurrection for a prolonged battle.</p> 
<p>It was just that Fang Yuan's reaction was too fast, he directly used two Pure Dream Reality Seeker bodies as immortal killer moves and sent them at Bay Pavilion.</p> 
<p>This had completely caught Yi clan off-guard!</p> 
<p>Yi clan Gu Immortals also knew of some details about the battle of the giant dream realm, but they had never expected Fang Yuan would be so vicious, sacrificing his own allies so ruthlessly!</p> 
<p>Another thing was that Fang Yuan had transformed into an ancient sword dragon, which had an extremely fast speed.</p> 
<p>His transformation path dao marks turned into sword path dao marks, added to the sword path dao marks from the continuous use of sword eyebrows Immortal Gu, along with sword escape Immortal Gu as well as the ancient sword dragon's own speed, it produced an extremely extraordinary burst of speed.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan had moved with his own body, using only sword escape Immortal Gu and carrying two Pure Dream Reality Seeker bodies, he would still have been fast, but Yi clan's Gu Immortals would be able to react and respond.</p> 
<p>Yi clan's Gu Immortals had unsightly expressions.</p> 
<p>They had Bay Pavilion, but were still attacked by Fang Yuan, Bay Pavilion was in a ruined state and had suffered much damage.</p> 
<p>More importantly, they had lost face, having already notified other Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals, when they arrived, how would the Yi clan Gu Immortals face them?</p> 
<p>Bay Pavilion was a scene of silence.</p> 
<p>A while later, the leader of this group of Yi clan Gu Immortals spoke: "Let's quickly repair Bay Pavilion, although we fell into the dream realms, there is no damage to the Immortal Gu. The spare mortal Gu we brought over can restore Bay Pavilion completely within a few minutes!"</p> 
<p>"The enemy is powerful, he can actually control the upper extreme heavenly eagle to such a degree. What's even more terrifying is that he doesn't even frown at killing his own allies, such a nature is simply too ruthless."</p> 
<p>"We tried hard, but how could we resist the dream realms. I had wanted to fight these demons to death, but looking at the big picture, we had no other choice than to escape and send this information to other righteous path Gu Immortals."</p> 
<p>Yi clan's leader poured out words after words, while the other Gu Immortals nodded in agreement.</p> 
<p>The facts could not be changed. But with these words, it gave them a completely different feeling.</p> 
<p>After the Yi clan leader said his words, he began to contact Wu Yong and other righteous path Gu Immortals, informing them of the situation here.</p> 
<p>"What? They were actually defeated!"</p> 
<p>"Didn't they have Bay Pavilion? They could still lose?"</p> 
<p>"Hehe, look at their excuses, Yi clan is truly shameless."</p> 
<p>"But we have the information now. For instance, upper extreme heavenly eagle as well as ancient sword dragon transformation..."</p> 
<p>At the mention of the ancient sword dragon transformation, these righteous path Gu Immortals in the dream realm battlefield looked at each other.</p> 
<p>They unavoidably thought of a person.</p> 
<p>Liu Guan Yi!</p> 
<p>"Liu Guan Yi is a demonic path Gu Immortal who also cultivates ancient sword dragon transformation. Do you think this Shadow Sect Gu Immortal is him?"</p> 
<p>"Not necessarily. Transforming into an ancient sword dragon is only an immortal killer move. Moreover, in the battle of Reverse Flow River, Liu Guan Yi clearly was hostile towards Shadow Sect."</p> 
<p>"Liu Guan Yi is a Northern Plains Gu Immortal, but that person had Southern Border aura. But this is not a clear indication, if he is a Shadow Sect member, then it is not strange for him to have methods to conceal his aura. For instance, doesn't Wu clan have an immortal killer move to change their aura to other regions?"</p> 
<p>Some people looked towards Wu Yong.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong had a serious expression.</p> 
<p>"Whether that person is Liu Guan Yi or not, we need to find my brother, Wu Yi Hai's whereabouts! Who wants to chase Shadow Sect with me?" He spoke clearly, his voice spreading throughout the whole scene.</p> 
<p>"Lord Wu Yong is kindhearted, you are still worried about your brother, it truly makes me emotional."</p> 
<p>"We will go!"</p> 
<p>"I am willing to see Lord Wu Yong's divine might."</p> 
<p>The other Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals responded one after the other.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong's performance in the purple blood river formation had been spread throughout Southern Border's Gu Immortal world by Tie Mian Shen.</p> 
<p>This information circulation speed could not be doubted.</p> 
<p>Any Gu Immortal, as long as they had cultivated to rank eight, would become the center of attention no matter the location. Because their every move, even if unintended, would cause huge and long-lasting repercussions to their surroundings.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong was the leader of Wu clan, and he had revealed their fourth Immortal Gu House, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, making Southern Border's Gu Immortals acknowledge his power.</p> 
<p>Adding on that Wu clan held the number one position, Wu Yong's call was immediately responded to by many.</p> 
<p>"This bunch of people are still crafty, they want to hide behind me and make my Wu clan the vanguard." Wu Yong sneered internally.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong, naturally, was a person who went after practical interests, but he could not do that now!</p> 
<p>He had to show some effort on the surface.</p> 
<p>His little brother was missing, as an older brother, he had to look like he had done his best to save his brother. Especially since the life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu related to Fang Yuan in Wu clan's ancestral hall had not shattered.</p> 
<p>Moreover, as the head of the righteous path, he must take charge of the whole situation, otherwise with the interests of Southern Border's righteous path being infringed, if he did not stand up, his and Wu clan's prestige would fall sharply.</p> 
<p>Naturally, the more important reason was that Fang Yuan had borrowed six Immortal Gu from Wu clan.</p> 
<p>A total of six Immortal Gu!</p> 
<p>As well as the huge sum of a hundred thousand immortal essence stones!</p> 
<p>Among these Immortal Gu was bloodline Immortal Gu, which Wu Yong had personally approved before it was lent to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Even those one hundred thousand immortal essence stones were personally initiated to be given to Fang Yuan by Wu Yong.</p> 
<p>Now that Wu Yi Hai was missing, the greatest responsibility fell on Wu Yong's head.</p> 
<p>If Wu Yong did not give chase, not only could he not have any explanation to give to Southern Border's righteous path Gu Immortals, he would not even be able to give an explanation to Wu clan.</p> 
<p>Immediately, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building led the Southern Border experts and gave chase in the direction of the upper extreme heavenly eagle.</p> 
<p>Although Yi clan was beaten back by Fang Yuan and lost track of the upper extreme heavenly eagle, Wu Yong had another method.</p> 
<p>He immediately sent a message to Wu clan: "Supreme elder Wu Fa, take out the relevant Immortal Gu from the treasury and assemble the life location searching Gu formation, put Wu Yi Hai's life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu in the formation and deduce his location!"</p> 
<p>Wu Fa was Wu Yong's trusted aide, he immediately accepted the order and quickly took action.</p> 
<p>Wu Yong gathered battle information, according to Heavenly Court's performance, they did not make a move against Southern Border's Gu Immortals, but they had plundered the battlefield before leaving, sweeping away many Immortal Gu belonging to the Southern Border forces.</p> 
<p>Southern Border would definitely want to settle the score with Central Continent.</p> 
<p>However, at present, Wu Yong needed to prioritize saving Wu Yi Hai.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court was powerful, it would be difficult to try getting back the Immortal Gu from them. It was better to just give chase after Shadow Sect, which was not that strong, and since Wu Yi Hai's life tablet had not shattered, he might have indeed been captured by them.</p> 
<p>"Naturally, since Shadow Sect has information path methods to break my life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu to create a false image of my death, they likely can kill Wu Yi Hai without letting the life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu shatter. Their aim would be to lure us into chasing them."</p> 
<p>Wu Yong considered carefully, this thought also flashed past his mind.</p> 
<p>However, he still chose to give chase regardless of this.</p> 
<p>Because this time, there was not only him, there were countless other Southern Border righteous path Gu Immortals, rank eight Gu Immortal Chi Qu You and several Immortal Gu Houses. With such a battle force, Wu Yong was confident of crushing Shadow Sect even if they laid an ambush.</p> 
<p>In front of absolute power, all schemes and plots were useless.</p> 
<p>At the same time, the upper extreme heavenly eagle was flying with all its strength.</p> 
<p>On the eagle's back, Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged, his eyes closed as he quietly activated a mysterious Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Perceivable Dao!</p> 
<p>Soon after, Fang Yuan stopped activating it, his expression solemn: "There are indeed many information path dao marks added on my body, I have probably been struck by some information path killer move. The probability of Southern Border's righteous path Gu Immortals having done this is low, it is more likely to have been done by Central Continent's Heavenly Court, particularly Fairy Zi Wei."</p> 
<p>"No matter what, I need to quickly get to Plunder Shadow Earth Trench and use information path methods to resolve this information path killer move!"</p>
    </body>
</html>
