<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1669: Rejection</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1669: Rejection</h1>
        
        <p>Inside the blue dragon whale grotto-heaven, the Merman Sacred City.</p> 
<p>The atmosphere in the inn was heavy.</p> 
<p>"What do we do?"</p> 
<p>"In the next test, Zhao Lu's follower will be taking part. That person is famous in the seas, with him around, we have no chance of winning."</p> 
<p>The two nannies had grim expressions.</p> 
<p>White-scaled merman Su Yi sat at the center as she held a cup in her hand, she was in a daze while looking at the tea inside.</p> 
<p>"Missy, you cannot hesitate anymore."</p> 
<p>"That's right, the Sea God Ceremony has already gone on for so long, only us and Zhao Lu are left, the rest have been eliminated. After the next round is the final test, once we get past this hurdle, we will be able to vie for the saintess position."</p> 
<p>The two nannies urged anxiously.</p> 
<p>Su Yi sighed: "But what can we do now?"</p> 
<p>The nannies quickly came forward to Su Yi's side.</p> 
<p>"Missy, didn't our tribe find a strong expert that can fight against the enemy?"</p> 
<p>"That's right, as long as we get him to fight, even if we cannot win, we will not get eliminated at least."</p> 
<p>Su Yi's gaze was lingering on the cup, she said in a long sigh: "I understand your suggestion, but did you forget something, I can only have four followers in this competition, these spots are all used up now. Even if the tribe invites an expert, we cannot use him."</p> 
<p>The two nannies looked at each other with bright gazes.</p> 
<p>"So that's it, Missy had such plans already but she could not say it personally." They understood the reason now.</p> 
<p>Among them, one nanny said in a soft voice: "Missy, this matter can be easy or difficult depending on us. We just need to abandon one follower!"</p> 
<p>"That's right." The other nanny added: "According to the Sea God Ceremony's rules, we cannot abandon followers easily, but if they are corrupted or have committed crimes, for the purity of the Sea God Ceremony and the saintess, we can expel them with proper reason. With that freed follower position, we can then invite the expert into our group, right?"</p> 
<p>Su Yi's expression changed as she rejected: "This is not appropriate. The Sea God Ceremony is such a huge event, if a scandal occurs, that person's reputation would be tarnished for life, they would never be able to clear their name. All of my followers have helped me greatly, how can I repay gratitude with enmity?"</p> 
<p>"Oh Missy, a great person would not mind small sacrifices, so what if we have to give up someone?"</p> 
<p>"I would suggest we target that Xia Lin. She has no background and is a mermaid that nobody will care about, who knows what luck she had to be able to obtain that gather oil Gu." Seeing Su Yi's displeasure, Nanny Rong added: "Of course, we are not framing her, we are trying to move her with logic, Xia Lin looks like an understanding young lady after all. Missy, leave this to me, I will negotiate with her, it is okay if we pay a small price. Compared to the saintess position, it is evident which is more important!"</p> 
<p>"This…" Su Yi hesitated.</p> 
<p>The other nanny quickly added: "Missy, we are not forcing or harming Xia Lin. We are seeking her cooperation, in any case, so what if she loses some reputation? Xia Lin is a poor girl, she needs some materialistic gains more. It is very likely that after hearing our suggestion, she might become very happy and would want to deal with us, she is merely trading reputation for huge benefits!"</p> 
<p>"Leave, let me consider it first…" Su Yi frowned as she asked them to leave.</p> 
<p>The two nannies looked at each other before leaving.</p> 
<p>Days later, rumors regarding Xia Lin spread throughout the city.</p> 
<p>"That's her, the shameless mermaid who betrayed her benefactor Su Yi just to gain the favor of the rich and noble!"</p> 
<p>"No wonder Lady Su Yi was always at a disadvantage, she had a traitor after all."</p> 
<p>"I want nothing more than to tear the tendons and skin out of this scoundrel."</p> 
<p>"She is truly shameless, I can't believe she is still coming to find Su Yi at this time!"</p> 
<p>Xia Lin bit her lips, walking up the inn's stairs under everyone's accusations.</p> 
<p>"Stand there." Halfway through, mermaid Nanny Rong blocked Xia Lin with a cold expression.</p> 
<p>"I was framed, I want to see Sister Su Yi!" Xia Lin raised her head, looking at Nanny Rong with an anxious expression.</p> 
<p>Nanny Rong laughed coldly: "Xia Lin, you still want to act? Missy was very upset after hearing the news, you still want to see her now during a crucial moment of the Sea God Ceremony? You are truly vicious, you want to annoy our Missy and cause her to make mistakes in the competition later?"</p> 
<p>"That's not it, Nanny Rong, listen to me…"</p> 
<p>"Listen to what? What is there to say! You are a shameless scum, we were blind to accept you into our group. Scram!" Nanny Rong lost her patience, she screamed in a shrill voice, being very overbearing.</p> 
<p>"You don't believe me but I believe in Sister Su Yi, if I don't get to see her, I will not leave!" Xia Lin's eyes were red, a light of stubbornness flickered in them.</p> 
<p>"You are forcing me to chase you away?" Nanny Rong said sinisterly.</p> 
<p>"Stop." At this time, Su Yi appeared, walking down the stairs.</p> 
<p>"Sister Su Yi!" Xia Lin was overjoyed, she wanted to move forward but Nanny Rong's arms blocked her path.</p> 
<p>"Xia Lin…" Su Yi said to Xia Lin with a complex tone.</p> 
<p>"Sister Su Yi, you need to believe me, I did not betray you!" Xia Lin shouted.</p> 
<p>"Do you need us to investigate it?" At this moment, a group of mermen charged into the inn, they drew all the attention away.</p> 
<p>This group of mermen walked towards Xia Lin as they said: "Xia Lin right? I am the Sacred City's investigator, someone reported you for corruption, you betrayed Su Yi and tried to ruin the sacred Sea God Ceremony, you tried to manipulate the saintess' competition. We are now arresting you, follow us and tell us everything that you did."</p> 
<p>"No, I am innocent!" Xia Lin turned pale from fright, she shouted loudly in retaliation.</p> 
<p>"We will investigate whether you are innocent or not." The investigator was very cold.</p> 
<p>"No, I will not leave with you, I was framed, someone framed me!" Xia Lin was frightful, she continued to shake her head.</p> 
<p>"You don't want to leave with us? Hmph, you don't have a choice! Come, arrest her!" The investigator ordered as the merman Gu Masters behind him acted.</p> 
<p>"Wait." At this moment, Su Yi spoke.</p> 
<p>"Sister Su Yi!" Xia Lin's eyes shined with a light of hope.</p> 
<p>But Su Yi shook her head: "Sister Xia Lin, I do not believe that you betrayed me, but the investigator is here, we need to believe in Sacred City's justice! I believe that they will clear your name, go with them, as long as the results come out, your innocence will be proven, right?"</p> 
<p>"Sister Su Yi…" Xia Lin's eyes turned dim.</p> 
<p>"Go, go with them."</p> 
<p>Xia Lin lowered her head, walking towards the investigator: "I was framed, but I will go with you."</p> 
<p>The investigator nodded in satisfaction: "That's right, come with us."</p> 
<p>Xia Lin was quickly brought into the interrogation room.</p> 
<p>"These information path Gu worms are all evidence, take a good look, I will give you some advice, don't think you can get out of this!" The investigator smiled sinisterly, pointing at the information path mortal Gu on the table.</p> 
<p>Xia Lin looked into them one by one.</p> 
<p>Soon, shock was expressed all over her face: "These videos and voices are all fake, I have never said such things!"</p> 
<p>"That is your explanation against all this evidence? Who would believe you?!" The investigator chuckled.</p> 
<p>"I have never said such things! I…" Xia Lin was anxious.</p> 
<p>The investigator raised his arm, stopping Xia Lin from talking, he smiled: "I know you were framed."</p> 
<p>Xia Lin was stunned: "What, what did you say?"</p> 
<p>"You were framed." The investigator repeated himself.</p> 
<p>Xia Lin was stunned, she blinked before saying: "In that case, why did you…"</p> 
<p>"Because this was Lady Su Yi's request." The investigator laughed again.</p> 
<p>"What do you mean? Don't try to sow discord between us!" Xia Lin was enraged.</p> 
<p>"You are truly a naive little girl. Let me explain it to you then. You know who Lady Su Yi's father is right? Do you know the current situation of the Sea God Ceremony…"</p> 
<p>The investigator spoke as Xia Lin went into deep shock upon hearing his words.</p> 
<p>After a long while, she reacted: "I do not believe that this is sister Su Yi's plot! If she wants me to step down, I can leave. If she told me herself, I would not have rejected her."</p> 
<p>The investigator looked at Xia Lin with a mocking expression, rebuking mercilessly: "Is the Sea God Ceremony an event where you can just leave like that? If anyone could just step down, this competition would just be a pure contest between forces. The only way to step down is by force, at the same time, that position left behind could be filled again."</p> 
<p>Xia Lin said in a daze: "A situation like this…"</p> 
<p>The investigator smiled: "Indeed, you've grown smarter. Alright, you have two choices now, the first choice is to deny this evidence and fight for your innocence. But this evidence is concrete, nobody will believe your words."</p> 
<p>"The second choice is to cooperate with us, admit to the crime and even though you will lose reputation, we will repay you with abundant resources. Choose now."</p> 
<p>Xia Lin smiled bitterly, lowering her head.</p> 
<p>Did she have a choice?</p> 
<p>The other party tricked her into this interrogation room, at this point, she could no longer reject them.</p> 
<p>Even if she tried to, she would still be framed and trialled as guilty.</p> 
<p>She did not have the strength to resist them, she did not have the right to reject them!</p> 
<p>Silence.</p> 
<p>After a long silence.</p> 
<p>The investigator spoke: "Xia Lin, if you keep silent any longer, I will take it that you accept our proposition. The facts are simple and clear, I believe a smart person will make a wise choice. This benefits both of us, isn't that right?"</p> 
<p>"I reject the offer." Xia Lin suddenly raised her head as she spoke.</p>
    </body>
</html>
