<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1346: Qiao Clan&apos;s Trouble, Rabbit&apos;s Deep Love</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1346: Qiao Clan&apos;s Trouble, Rabbit&apos;s Deep Love</h1>
        
        <p>Of course, over these last days, Fang Yuan was not doing nothing.</p> 
<p>The biggest batch of regretful spiders in his possession had been sold, Fang Yuan's red date immortal essence storage was no longer lacking.</p> 
<p>As for vajra shell, Fang Yuan had completed its modification, he only needed to test it.</p> 
<p>Because his dark path attainment level had risen to grandmaster, he successfully created an immortal killer move, extended dark concealment. This move used rank six dark limit Immortal Gu and rank seven perseverance Immortal Gu as the cores, and several hundred mortal Gu to greatly lengthen the effect of dark limit Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>At this time, Qiao Si Liu requested to meet him.</p> 
<p>At Fang Yuan's will, the doors opened.</p> 
<p>Qiao Si Liu had a grim expression, worry could be seen on her face.</p> 
<p>She brought bad news with her.</p> 
<p>Other than Yao clan, Hou clan, and Yang clan taking over Wu clan's territories, Ba clan and Xia clan had also moved at the same time, but against Qiao clan.</p> 
<p>Looking at Southern Border's map, Ba clan and Xia clan were to the north of Qiao clan, they bordered Qiao clan.</p> 
<p>Qiao clan lost their wedding dress lake and empty origin pit, they were annexed by Ba clan and Xia clan respectively.</p> 
<p>After Qiao clan's first supreme elder, Qiao Zhi Cai, went missing, Qiao clan also did the strategy of gathering their Gu Immortals and defending their base, in anticipation of the enemy.</p> 
<p>This made Ba clan's and Xia clan's actions very successful.</p> 
<p>Qiao clan lost a lot just now.</p> 
<p>Wedding dress lake and empty origin pit were resource points that were more valuable than blood tide pit.</p> 
<p>Qiao clan was the weakest righteous path super force. After losing two resource points, Qiao clan was furious and upset.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had also heard of these two resource points.</p> 
<p>There was a folklore about this wedding dress lake in Southern Border. According to legends, a fairy in heaven weaved clothing, making her own wedding dress, whoever received it would become the husband of this fairy.</p> 
<p>After the fairy made the wedding dress, she tossed it into this lake, and it was picked up by a fisherman who lived by the lake.</p> 
<p>The immortal and mortal loved each other, staying inside the lake, living happily ever after.</p> 
<p>This story was mostly fiction, but wedding dress lake had all sorts of clothing Gu. Like fire cloak Gu, water armor Gu, wood armor Gu, and so on.</p> 
<p>In its history of being in Qiao clan's control, it had produced three wild Immortal Gu!</p> 
<p>As for empty origin pit, it was known by the mortals living in the mountains nearby as the final resting spot, it could communicate with the immortal realm.</p> 
<p>After the ignorant mortals died, their corpses were tossed into this pit.</p> 
<p>Before these corpses landed, they would be torn to shreds by the space path dao marks here.</p> 
<p>These ignorant mortals thought that the reason was because they had ascended to the immortal realm after dying.</p> 
<p>The truth was, this place was excellent in producing space path resources. Xia clan had wanted it for a long time, and even though Qiao clan was not their match, they were backed by Wu clan.</p> 
<p>Right now, with Qiao Zhi Cai and Wu Yong missing, this was a great opportunity, how could Xia clan miss it?</p> 
<p>Qiao clan and Wu clan had been in an alliance for a long time, their fortunes were tied together.</p> 
<p>Qiao clan was invaded by Ba clan and Xia clan, it was like Wu clan getting attacked.</p> 
<p>This way, including Yao clan, Hou clan, and Yang clan, a total of five super forces were attacking Wu clan.</p> 
<p>The situation was at its worst.</p> 
<p>If they could not stop this, Wu clan and Qiao clan would lose even more territory later.</p> 
<p>"I will arrange it now, Wu Qiao will bring the Immortal Gu House here and escort us back!" Fang Yuan said to Qiao Si Liu.</p> 
<p>Qiao Si Liu nodded, this was the reason she came. With Qiao clan's predicament, Qiao Si Liu had to look for help from Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Actually, because of Fang Yuan's delay, Qiao Si Liu was very unhappy already. If not for the fact that Qiao clan only had one Immortal Gu House, they would have already sent out one to bring Fang Yuan away.</p> 
<p>"Go arrange it too, gather Qiao clan's Gu Immortals, we are leaving together." Fang Yuan said again.</p> 
<p>Qiao Si Liu was stunned: "Together? What about here..."</p> 
<p>"We can only give it up temporarily." Fang Yuan made up his mind, he did not hesitate.</p> 
<p>"Then what about the Immortal Gu we used to set up this formation?" Qiao Si Liu frowned.</p> 
<p>"We will bring them away. Otherwise, some Gu Immortals with ill intent will forcefully refine them or even destroy them. We know what these people are capable of. Excuses are too easy to find." Fang Yuan said plainly.</p> 
<p>"Don't forget that my formation path attainment is not low. I am capable of taking out some Immortal Gu." Fang Yuan added.</p> 
<p>Qiao Si Liu thought of Fang Yuan and Chi Shang's competition, she nodded, thinking: "Wu Yi Hai's formation path attainment is indeed not low, Chi Shang had once praised him for it."</p> 
<p>In fact, she underestimated Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Right now, his formation path attainment level was at grandmaster, he was comparable to Chi Shang.</p> 
<p>In the past, this super Gu formation was completely indecipherable to him, he could not see anything.</p> 
<p>But after becoming a formation path grandmaster and staying here for so long, Fang Yuan had gained a rather deep understanding of this super Gu formation.</p> 
<p>Modifying this Gu formation was out of his ability, but taking away some Immortal Gu was possible.</p> 
<p>After the decision was made, Qiao Si Liu called Qiao clan Gu Immortal Qiao Bo: "Pack up, when Wu clan's Immortal Gu House arrives, we will leave and return to our base."</p> 
<p>Qiao Bo quickly acknowledged, asking in succession: "When are they coming? I need to arrange the clansmen."</p> 
<p>Qiao Si Liu looked at Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan waved his hand: "No rush, I had just contacted them, it will take some time."</p> 
<p>Qiao Bo expressed joy on his face as he left respectfully.</p> 
<p>"Even though Wu clan's base is near Yi Tian Mountain, if they are sending an Immortal Gu House, it will take four to five days to reach here. In this case, I can do the final round of the business." Qiao Bo left and started to think.</p> 
<p>The business he thought of was naturally the immortal opportunity business.</p> 
<p>Qiao clan and Wu clan were in dire straits, this caused Qiao clan's and Wu clan's Gu Immortals to feel worried, the immortal opportunity business was taking a huge hit.</p> 
<p>Two of Qiao clan's Gu Immortals were stationed to guard the super Gu formation here.</p> 
<p>Qiao Bo was one of them, he had rank six cultivation level, when he was sent here, he begrudged the decision, but the immortal opportunity business changed his mind.</p> 
<p>"Now that we are returning, the immortal opportunity business cannot continue, there might even be fights later. Since we are leaving anyway, I will make this a big one!" Qiao Bo gritted his teeth, making up his mind.</p> 
<p>A day later.</p> 
<p>Qiao Bo met with demonic path Gu Immortal Fairy Miao Yin.</p> 
<p>"Fairy, we meet again." Qiao Bo had an excited expression, his eyes were darting around as he observed Fairy Miao Yin.</p> 
<p>Even though Fairy Miao Yin was in the demonic path, her strength and appearance was top tier, she was one of the three great fairies of Southern Border, on par with Qiao Si Liu.</p> 
<p>All along, Fairy Miao Yin had been entering the giant dream realm to find opportunities in the dream realm.</p> 
<p>Even though her soul was often injured, the dream path materials that she gathered were not few.</p> 
<p>Even though Wu clan and Qiao clan, and other super forces tried to buy these dream path materials from her, Fairy Miao Yin rejected them all without hesitation.</p> 
<p>"Let's go in and speak." Qiao Bo said as he looked at the two Gu Immortals behind Fairy Miao Yin.</p> 
<p>According to the rules, each business would only have one demonic cultivator or lone immortal.</p> 
<p>But this time, because Qiao Bo was going to leave, he made this a big one and went ahead to bring in three Gu Immortals at once.</p> 
<p>At the same time, in Wu clan's area.</p> 
<p>Lady White Rabbit looked at Wu An: "Lord Wu An, is it true that everyone is leaving? And so urgently?"</p> 
<p>Wu An nodded: "The situation is not looking good, I'm sure you've heard some rumors. But it is not a problem, don't worry, Wu clan will not fall. Just stay here and manage the immortal opportunity business, wait for us to return."</p> 
<p>Lady White Rabbit pondered for a moment before asking weakly: "Before you leave, I want to meet Lord Wu Yi Hai again, is that possible?"</p> 
<p>"This..." Wu An had a difficult expression: "Lord Wu Yi Hai is in seclusion now, he is trying to deduce an immortal killer move, he might not have time for you."</p> 
<p>Lady White Rabbit had a sad expression: "I don't know why but I have a bad feeling, I want to meet Lord Wu Yi Hai, I just want to take a glance at him. Isn't he leaving too? I will wait here for a few days until he comes out, is that okay?"</p> 
<p>Wu An sighed deeply.</p> 
<p>It was obvious at a glance that Lady White Rabbit had affection towards Wu Yi Hai.</p> 
<p>"It is a pity that the feeling is not mutual, I am afraid that in Lord Wu Yi Hai's eyes, Lady White Rabbit is just a tool, what a shame." Wu An felt some sympathy in him.</p> 
<p>He nodded: "Alright, you can stay here, Lord Wu Yi Hai will see you after he ends his closed cultivation."</p> 
<p>"Thank you, thank you!" Lady White Rabbit was overjoyed, she quickly thanked him profusely.</p> 
<p>Cultivating in the secret room, Fang Yuan held a rank seven Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Immortal Gu Precaution!</p> 
<p>This Gu worm was the size of two hands, it was like a long-horned beetle with a black exoskeleton, it was very heavy. Even with Fang Yuan's sovereign immortal body, he could not hold it.</p> 
<p>But it had already been refined by Fang Yuan, it was floating in the air now as Fang Yuan observed it.</p> 
<p>This Immortal Gu was one of the two Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan had taken after joining Wu clan as Wu Yi Hai.</p> 
<p>As the name suggested, the Immortal Gu's effect was to protect the Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>It was rule path and had one weakness, when used alone, it needed some time to activate. It could only activate its effects after ten breaths of time.</p> 
<p>Ten breaths of time was not short for Gu Immortals. Especially in intense battles, ten breaths of time was enough for a dozen round of fights, with countless attacks unleashed.</p> 
<p>And most importantly, if a Gu Immortal sneak attacked, life and death would be decided in an instant. By then, activating precaution Immortal Gu would be too slow.</p> 
<p>However, once precaution Immortal Gu was activated, ten breaths of time later, its defensive effect would be incredible, it was one of the top rank seven defensive Immortal Gu, it had status equal to sword escape Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Not long ago, Fang Yuan had a new idea, he wanted to fuse precaution Immortal Gu into the immortal killer move vajra shell.</p> 
<p>And now, he had already designed the killer move, he just needed to test it.</p>
    </body>
</html>
