<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1546: Assimilation Wind of Central Feng</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1546: Assimilation Wind of Central Feng</h1>
        
        <p>Northern Plains.</p> 
<p>A boundless grassland extended into the horizons.</p> 
<p>The clear skies had no clouds, it looked empty but three Gu Immortals were actually concealing themselves, floating in the air.</p> 
<p>"According to Lady Fairy Zi Wei's deductions, this place is the closest to Lang Ya blessed land." The leader, a male Gu Immortal, thought to himself.</p> 
<p>If Northern Plains' Gu Immortals saw his appearance, they would gasp: "Prince Feng Xian!"</p> 
<p>Indeed, he was one of the five openly known rank eight Gu Immortals in Northern Plains — Prince Feng Xian.</p> 
<p>As times changed, the number one rank eight expert Old Ancestor Xue Hu had gone missing with his wife after the destruction of Snowy Mountain blessed land.</p> 
<p>The first supreme elder of Yao tribe, Yao Huang, was chosen by Longevity Heaven and left his tribe, becoming the next generation South Desolation Immortal of Longevity Heaven.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was once a lone immortal, but he now occupied Hei tribe's territory and created the super force Bai Zu tribe, becoming a righteous path member.</p> 
<p>Five Elements Grandmaster was still trapped within Longevity Heaven's Immortal Gu House, Calamity Luck Altar.</p> 
<p>Because of Heavenly Court's invasion, the reappearance of Longevity Heaven, the conversion of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu to the righteous path, and the disappearance of Old Ancestor Xue Hu, almost the whole of Northern Plains had turned into the world of the righteous path, the demonic path Gu Immortals had to lay low and keep out of the spotlight.</p> 
<p>Out of the five rank eight Gu Immortals, only Prince Feng Xian was still intact without any changes in his circumstances.</p> 
<p>This person had a special status, on the surface, he was an external rank eight supreme elder of Gong tribe and the husband of Gong Wan Ting, but he had a hidden identity, he was a spy sent into Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world by Spirit Affinity House long ago, and was now the most influential spy that Central Continent had in Northern Plains!</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei had been planning for a long time, she sent Feng Jiu Ge and the rest to attack Lang Ya blessed land, other than Chen Yi who was openly waiting to reinforce him, she also sent the hidden piece, Prince Feng Xian, secretly.</p> 
<p>"Lord, one of Northern Plains' ten great fierce areas, Loose Tail Ridge, is nearby, Lang Ya blessed land is likely hiding here." Beside Prince Feng Xian, a rank six female immortal spoke.</p> 
<p>Beside Prince Feng Xian, there were two servants of high status, because of his reputation, they also became famous in Northern Plains.</p> 
<p>They were Le Yao and Swordmaster You Lan, these two were Gu Immortals from Spirit Affinity House, it was Le Yao who spoke this time, she wore a yellow dress and was extremely beautiful.</p> 
<p>Swordmaster You Lan had stayed in the base this time, she did not follow Prince Feng Xian.</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian nodded slightly, he guessed the same.</p> 
<p>His gaze turned around and focused on the Gu Immortal beside him, there was a rank six hairy man Gu Immortal standing right beside him!</p> 
<p>This hairy man Gu Immortal was dazed and not moving, like a statue, he was controlled by Prince Feng Xian's supreme methods.</p> 
<p>If Lang Ya land spirit or any Lang Ya Sect hairy man Gu Immortals saw this person, they would know of his identity.</p> 
<p>Because this hairy man Gu Immortal was from Lang Ya blessed land.</p> 
<p>Back then, after the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Lang Ya land spirit helped Fang Yuan to relocate his assets from Hu Immortal blessed land.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan obtained the sovereign immortal body and wanted to return to Northern Plains but he was chased down.</p> 
<p>In order to help Fang Yuan, Lang Ya land spirit sent two hairy man Gu Immortals to receive him, but one of them died and the other went missing.</p> 
<p>It turned out that the missing hairy man Gu Immortal met with some other situation, but he was recently captured by Prince Feng Xian alive, he obtained a lot of information from this hairy man Gu Immortal and that led to the crucial clues for Fairy Zi Wei to make her deduction on Lang Ya blessed land.</p> 
<p>Because he knew of Lang Ya blessed land's terrain, the Central Continent ten great ancient sects could use the immortal killer move to directly teleport Feng Jiu Ge and the rest inside.</p> 
<p>Le Yao frowned slightly, she asked worriedly: "Looking at the time, Feng Jiu Ge and the rest have gone inside for some time already, why are they not sending out any information? Are they in trouble?"</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian pondered: "There would be problems for sure, even if we have Lang Ya blessed land's information and took the initiative, this is still the number one blessed land in the world originating from Long Hair Ancestor, it had unfathomable foundations, they would definitely possess certain trump cards."</p> 
<p>Le Yao frowned even more deeply now: "Central Continent only sent a number of rank seven Gu Immortals into Lang Ya blessed land, isn't that too… overconfident?"</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian laughed: "That is because you are unfamiliar with Feng Jiu Ge."</p> 
<p>"Oh?" Le Yao was surprised.</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian looked afar as he sighed deeply: "I am a person considered to be enormously blessed with talent, I started cultivating when I was thirteen, I became rank four when I was sixteen, I reached rank five peak stage at eighteen. After accepting the sect mission, I went to Northern Plains to develop. After spending three years, I became a rank six Gu Immortal and all my tribulations after that were successful. I roamed Northern Plains and joined Gong tribe, after a hundred years, I became rank eight, even though I was treading on thin ice, who in Northern Plains' Gu Immortal world could expose my true identity?"</p> 
<p>"I had once been extremely prideful and arrogant, because I did not depend on the sect's support, I worked hard and made use of opportunities and different forces to reach rank eight! Until one day, I met Feng Jiu Ge, I realized I was deeply inferior. Compared to me, he is the true supreme genius, his talent is so great it dominates this entire era!"</p> 
<p>Le Yao was extremely astounded.</p> 
<p>Among the higher-ups of Spirit Affinity House, there was the saying of 'Northern Feng and Central Feng, both soar in the sky as Spirit Affinity's pride', they were talking about the rank eight Gu Immortal Prince Feng Xian and the rank seven Gu Immortal Feng Jiu Ge.</p> 
<p>Spirit Affinity House knew about Prince Feng Xian's supreme elder status, they felt that Spirit Affinity House would be in the hands of Feng Jiu Ge and Prince Feng Xian in the future.</p> 
<p>They placed these two on the same level, but Prince Feng Xian was a rank eight with great strength, while Feng Jiu Ge was famous due to his potential.</p> 
<p>Placing a rank seven Gu Immortal on the same level as their rank eight master, Le Yao and Swordmaster You Lan were once indignant about it, even Prince Feng Xian was not happy, he sent a letter and questioned the top supreme elders of Spirit Affinity House.</p> 
<p>But as time passed, Le Yao and Swordmaster You Lan gradually reached a new opinion regarding this matter.</p> 
<p>As for Prince Feng Xian's change in mentality, it was because he had fought with Feng Jiu Ge.</p> 
<p>A number of years ago, when Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had just collapsed, Feng Jiu Ge led the Central Continent Gu Immortals to find out the truth in Northern Plains. As the biggest card of Spirit Affinity House in Northern Plains, Prince Feng Xian secretly met with Feng Jiu Ge.</p> 
<p>Because of this meeting, both of them sparred. The results were shocking, even though Prince Feng Xian did not use his full strength, he only ended with a draw against Feng Jiu Ge!</p> 
<p>Thinking about that scene where they fought, Prince Feng Xian sighed deeply: "Feng Jiu Ge having rank eight battle strength isn't the thing that shocked me, what truly moved me was that immortal killer move that he used! This is an unprecedented creation, nobody in history has ever achieved such a feat."</p> 
<p>"What immortal killer move?" Le Yao asked.</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian had a solemn expression, he said slowly: "Feng Jiu Ge named it — Assimilation Wind Song."</p> 
<p>Northern Plains, Lang Ya blessed land.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge took a deep breath, separation song was useless, at this point, he only had one method left.</p> 
<p>He would not use this move unless necessary.</p> 
<p>Because once activated, not only would the risks be huge, the process would be dangerous and cause immense damage, there would be reduced gains after battle, Feng Jiu Ge had always used it cautiously.</p> 
<p>But now, he had to admit this, he was forced into a corner.</p> 
<p>He had obtained a lot of intel about Lang Ya blessed land from Fairy Zi Wei. But after fighting, he realized that Lang Ya blessed land's strength greatly exceeded his expectations!</p> 
<p>Not just this super Gu formation, but also those Gu Immortals hidden inside the immortal formation, as well as the killer move complete silence.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge knew that Lang Ya Sect had an immortal killer move that countered sound path, it was called silent world.</p> 
<p>But he did not know that Fang Yuan had specially modified this move into an even stronger version, complete silence!</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge had defensive methods against silent world, but against complete silence which was many times stronger, he was left without options.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Assimilation Wind Song!</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge dodged left and right, fighting for an opportunity to use the strongest offensive method that he had ever created in his life.</p> 
<p>Whoosh whoosh whoosh!</p> 
<p>Intense winds blew, the world went through a transformation!</p> 
<p>This was not golden wind, Luo Po wind, willow wind, immortal wind, profound eerie wind, star galaxy wind, or fan door wind.</p> 
<p>Once this wind appeared, Lang Ya land spirit's expression changed, the hairy man Gu Immortals were also deeply shocked, while the other variant human Gu Immortals were tongue-tied!</p> 
<p>These were the winds of assimilation!</p> 
<p>The number one wind in the world capable of assimilating everything, few methods could counter it.</p> 
<p>When immortal apertures were destroyed, this wind would blow.</p> 
<p>"How can this be the winds of assimilation? This is impossible!" Some hairy man Gu Immortals lost their composure and screamed.</p> 
<p>"Unbelievable, a person can actually control the winds of assimilation?!" Bing Zhuo was so shocked his eyes were about to pop out, his cold demeanor had completely melted.</p> 
<p>In human historical records, nobody had ever been able to manipulate the winds of assimilation personally. But now, this record was broken, Feng Jiu Ge became the first person throughout history to do so!</p> 
<p>He could actually unleash the winds of assimilation!!</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge had seven songs currently, obtain treasure song and towards heaven song were used to assist his cultivation; green jade song, heaven and earth song, submission song, and separation song were his trump cards that he reserved for major fights. The final one was assimilation wind song, he would not use it unless necessary.</p> 
<p>If he failed to activate this move, Feng Jiu Ge would be the first one to be destroyed by the winds of assimilation, it was extremely vicious.</p> 
<p>Many of his songs could be turned into clones through song warrior, but this assimilation wind song could not, it was the most special one!</p> 
<p>This move was too powerful, it turned the battle around instantly.</p> 
<p>The variant human Gu Immortals were helpless, they were flustered.</p> 
<p>Because ordinary methods would be assimilated by the winds of assimilation and turned into fuel to make it even stronger and larger.</p> 
<p>"Lang Ya blessed land is the number one blessed land in the world, but against this wind, it will likely be destroyed!" A rockman Gu Immortal said in despair.</p> 
<p>"It will not!!" Lang Ya land spirit screamed, he knew he had to stabilize the morale of his side.</p> 
<p>He screamed: "These really are the winds of assimilation, assimilation wind song! I did not believe it when Fang Yuan told me about it, but the truth is in front of me, I need to trust him!"</p> 
<p>"Everyone, don't worry, we have a way to deal with the wind!"</p> 
<p>"What? Fang Yuan could even have information about such a secret?" The other Gu Immortals heard this and felt hopeful.</p> 
<p>At this moment, Fang Yuan, who also had rank eight battle strength, played a crucial role despite being away, he stabilized the morale of Lang Ya land spirit's forces.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had memories of the future, he knew about the ferocity of this move, during the five regions chaotic war, Feng Jiu Ge had used this move to slaughter countless beings and it was deeply feared, thus he had already told Lang Ya land spirit about it. Even when he fought against Feng Jiu Ge earlier, he was deeply cautious of this move.</p> 
<p>This move was very powerful but it also had major flaws, for example, Fang Yuan could dodge it if he used it in the five regions' world.</p> 
<p>But in this situation, the winds of assimilation had started blowing in Lang Ya blessed land, the land spirit had to resolve it as soon as possible.</p> 
<p>What method could actually resist the winds of assimilation?</p>
    </body>
</html>
