<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1936: Heavenly Court&apos;s Three Elites Against Fang Yuan</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1936: Heavenly Court&apos;s Three Elites Against Fang Yuan</h1>
        
        <p>"It seems that to destroy Heavenly Court's immortal graveyard, I will need to destroy this transportation formation first!" Fang Yuan's gaze flashed like lightning, he started at the formation far away.</p> 
<p>The Myriad Year Flying Warship below his feet moved according to his will, the ship shot out like a large flying sword towards the formation.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei was guarding the formation in the Central Hall.</p> 
<p>Seeing Fang Yuan's assault, she took a deep cold breath, she felt immense pressure towering over her!</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, with me here, you will not move freely!" Duke Long roared as he stepped forward to block Myriad Year Flying Warship.</p> 
<p>Seeing this, Fairy Zi Wei let out a sigh of relief: "Thankfully, we have Lord Duke Long guarding us!"</p> 
<p>Boom!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and Duke Long clashed, Duke Long was sent flying while Fang Yuan and Myriad Year Flying Warship only flew back by a thousand steps.</p> 
<p>The aftermath of the combat stirred up thousands of storm clouds and set off monstrous air currents, the aftermath of which was so vast that it resembled a hurricane. The rank eight Gu Immortals were swept and blown away by the aftershocks. Even Calamity Luck Altar halted, Bing Sai Chuan and the others inside were unable to stand on their feet firmly, their bodies were shaking violently.</p> 
<p>Subconsciously, everyone started to avoid Fang Yuan and Duke Long.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan was blocked."</p> 
<p>"As expected, only a monster can block a monster!"</p> 
<p>"Let the two of them fight."</p> 
<p>Only Qin Ding Ling gritted her teeth and forced herself to fly over, intending to reinforce Duke Long as his support.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and Duke Long clashed again, tornadoes formed, lightning flashed and thunder roared.</p> 
<p>Because of heavenly dragon's last stand, Duke Long was getting stronger by the minute! Meanwhile, Fang Yuan had a large number of dao marks and Myriad Year Flying Warship, he had the upper hand for now.</p> 
<p>Duke Long continued to move back as the two of them fought closer and closer to the teleportation formation.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Self-Moving Dragon Qi Wall!</p> 
<p>Left without a choice, Duke Long roared as he spread his arms, a huge invisible qi wall appeared before Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan pushed Myriad Year Flying Warship to charge forward, after moving for a few dozen steps, he was stopped by the qi wall, unable to move further.</p> 
<p>Duke Long started to cultivate Primordial Origin's true inheritance long ago, he naturally knew about the killer move qi wall. This move was modified by him, Fang Yuan could vaguely see countless qi currents inside the wall. These currents were all dragon-shaped, the dragon heads spun around while chasing the tail, creating countless whirlpools.</p> 
<p>These dragon-shaped qi currents were very profound, they could reduce the force of external impacts and greatly increase the qi wall's durability.</p> 
<p>Duke Long's self-moving dragon qi wall could not be as firm as the primordial qi wall but it was very durable, it successfully obstructed Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Even though Fang Yuan used unlimited qi sea to destroy the primordial qi wall, he had modified it according to his understanding of the qi wall in the first place.</p> 
<p>Currently, Fang Yuan knew little about this dragon qi wall, it was impossible to replicate his former success now.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's eyes shined with brilliance, since he could not unravel this move, he had to use force instead.</p> 
<p>He turned into a bandit monkey again, stretching his arms as he pushed forward.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Strength Path Giant Hand!</p> 
<p>Rumble!</p> 
<p>The surrounding thousand feet of air was pushed side, two translucent hands that were the size of mountains crashed towards Duke Long's qi wall with immeasurable might.</p> 
<p>Within the qi wall, Duke Long raised his head and spread out his arms, sustaining his qi wall killer move.</p> 
<p>The two strength path giant hands moved for several hundred steps before becoming slower, unable to advance further.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and Duke Long had solemn expressions as they exerted strength, falling into a deadlock.</p> 
<p>"Good chance!" Seeing this, Qin Ding Ling realized that her chance to attack had arrived.</p> 
<p>In the earlier battle, she could not find a chance to attack, she could only prepare her killer moves.</p> 
<p>Once the chance arrived, she immediately threw out a small golden dagger.</p> 
<p>The dagger was only the size of a thumb, it flew into the air and grew larger as it moved, by the time it reached the top of Fang Yuan's head, it was already the size of a horse carriage.</p> 
<p>Swish swish swish.</p> 
<p>The golden blade swung down, attempting to slice off Fang Yuan's luck advantage.</p> 
<p>But Cooking Luck Pot suddenly appeared above Fang Yuan, it flew up and resisted the attack of the golden blade.</p> 
<p>Clang clang clang…</p> 
<p>The golden blade landed on Cooking Luck Pot, golden sparks appeared due to the collision.</p> 
<p>In a few breaths of time, the golden blade slashed for several hundred times before fading away on its own.</p> 
<p>Cooking Luck Pot completely defended against this killer move, even though cracks appeared on the surface, it was intact overall.</p> 
<p>The golden blade was a rank eight luck path killer move, while Cooking Luck Pot had been elevated to a rank seven Immortal Gu House, it could resist rank eight attacks.</p> 
<p>"Cooking Luck Pot?" Qin Ding Ling exclaimed in shock, recognizing it immediately.</p> 
<p>She was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's concubine after all, she knew about the existence of Cooking Luck Pot.</p> 
<p>"Your Cooking Luck Pot is only rank seven, even if it can block me ten times, can it stop me twenty times? Thirty times?" Qin Ding Ling snorted coldly in her mind, attacking Fang Yuan furiously.</p> 
<p>Cooking Luck Pot was only rank seven, even though it could resist rank eight, Qin Ding Ling was not an ordinary rank eight Gu Immortal, she was specialized in luck path. Cooking Luck Pot could block her now but the duration would not be long.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan noticed this too, he immediately withdrew his strength path giant hands and stopped this immortal killer move.</p> 
<p>Duke Long was still sustaining the qi wall, he could not attack, Fang Yuan was able to retreat with ease.</p> 
<p>"Qin Ding Ling, you did well." Duke Long praised secretly.</p> 
<p>In the deadlock earlier, Duke Long was in a disadvantage, over half of his dragon spirals in the qi wall had dissipated.</p> 
<p>Thankfully, Qin Ding Ling interfered and forced Fang Yuan to retreat.</p> 
<p>Thoughts clashed like lightning in Fang Yuan's mind as he analyzed the situation.</p> 
<p>He had abundant methods, but as long as the transportation formation existed, he could not use most of his methods casually.</p> 
<p>Once he activates these methods and Fairy Zi Wei tries to teleport him forcefully, it might greatly disrupt Fang Yuan, causing his activation to fail.</p> 
<p>Once his killer move fails, he would suffer varying extents of backlash.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan suffered a backlash now, the consequences would be unthinkable!</p> 
<p>Because of his dao mark amplification, the power was at least one thousand five hundred times! The backlash would be equally amplified.</p> 
<p>And more terrifyingly, the sovereign immortal body had non-conflicting dao marks, Fang Yuan had to endure the complete backlash. That way, as long as Fang Yuan faced one backlash, he would likely die.</p> 
<p>Only moves like strength path giant hand with low activation time could be used as they only needed few thoughts to maintain. Even if the killer move was destroyed, only the strength path giant hands would break apart, the Gu Immortal's own backlash would be very marginal.</p> 
<p>"In that case, let me try another move." Fang Yuan began to prepare his killer move.</p> 
<p>He cultivated all paths, he had abundant methods, in this regard, even Duke Long and Thunder Ghost True Monarch, these dual cultivators, could not match up.</p> 
<p>In a few breaths of time, Fang Yuan's killer move was prepared.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Myriad Self!</p> 
<p>Swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh…</p> 
<p>Countless Fang Yuan spread out into the sky from Myriad Year Flying Warship, a ten thousand person army was formed instantly.</p> 
<p>The original myriad self killer move was turned into an Immortal Gu recipe by Fang Yuan, in which he refined Immortal Gu Myriad Self.</p> 
<p>But the myriad self killer move that Fang Yuan used now was not the original version, it was a human path killer move that used myriad self Immortal Gu as the core!</p> 
<p>At the next moment, all of the Fang Yuan clones charged towards the qi wall.</p> 
<p>Their strength was lower than the main body of course, but because his main body had too many dao marks, all of these myriad self clones all had at least desolate beast level battle strength.</p> 
<p>After using this killer move, Fang Yuan gained a desolate beast army that numbered to ten thousand. All of these clones were controlled by Fang Yuan with ease, as if they were extensions of his limbs.</p> 
<p>A portion of the myriad self army charged towards the qi wall, some charged at Qin Ding Ling, while the bulk of them got past the qi wall and attacked the transportation formation behind instead.</p> 
<p>Even though Duke Long's qi wall was strong, it could not compare to the primordial qi wall. Duke Long's heart jumped, he tried to cancel this move but Fang Yuan's main body came charging with Myriad Year Flying Warship.</p> 
<p>Duke Long grunted as he dispelled that thought, continuing to maintain the qi wall.</p> 
<p>In a battle between experts, activating killer moves was not easy, but dispelling them was similarly difficult.</p> 
<p>On the other end, Qin Ding Ling was surrounded by Fang Yuan's clones as they fought. Qin Ding Ling was very powerful, these clones were no threat to her, but they were enough to distract her, she had to waste time and effort to deal with them.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei took in a deep breath of shock.</p> 
<p>She instantly realized, this was a huge test to her. If she failed the test, the transportation formation would be destroyed, it would cause a series of problems, the entire battle situation would crumble, the plan to repair fate Gu would fail!</p> 
<p>"There is no time to mobilize Heavenly Court's forces. I can only rely on myself!" Fairy Zi Wei had a determined expression as she did her best, instilling all of her attention into the formation.</p> 
<p>She was wholeheartedly concentrating!</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Chessboard buzzed incessantly, its chess pieces were shining in starlight on the surface of Star Constellation Chessboard, with three of them being the brightest.</p> 
<p>These were the three pieces that Star Constellation's silhouette had tossed over earlier!</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei's mind had countless thoughts that resembled the starry sky, they shined brightly.</p> 
<p>The formation activated, shooting out waves of starlight specks. Countless specks landed on Fang Yuan's clones, very few missed their target, even though Fang Yuan's clones were doing their best to dodge.</p> 
<p>As long as they were hit by the starlight specks, they would be teleported outside of Heavenly Court, vanishing instantly.</p> 
<p>These clones did not have the killer move heaven form, they could not rejoin the battle.</p> 
<p>"Good!" Duke Long and Qin Ding Ling let out sighs of relief.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei did not disappoint them, at the crucial moment, she gave a display of a wisdom path great expert!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan frowned lightly: "This will not do. Fate Gu is slowly being repaired, Heavenly Court has the overall momentum in this battle. Fairy Zi Wei cannot last long but she is planning to stall for time. Over here, I am obstructed by Duke Long and Qin Ding Ling…"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan looked at Longevity Heaven's side again.</p> 
<p>These people were obstructed by the transportation formation too, Calamity Luck Altar was charging towards Heaven Overseeing Tower but a starlight pillar was moving them back each time.</p> 
<p>"If I ask them to reinforce me, they would receive the same treatment too. Furthermore, if they come here, I will not be able to use my methods freely, I should let them attack the surroundings to pressure and drain Fairy Zi Wei's energy."</p> 
<p>Duke Long's qi wall could move, it could not block the myriad self clones but it could block Myriad Year Flying Warship wholeheartedly.</p> 
<p>As Fang Yuan fought against Duke Long, he contacted Eastern Sea's immortals.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court's transportation formation had one great weakness, it needed stars as the springboard. Even within Heavenly Court, that was the case, the starlight pillars shot down from white heaven's countless stars.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan could not destroy the transportation formation now, but it was the same if the stars in white heaven were destroyed.</p> 
<p>Luckily, a group of Eastern Sea rank eights were there!</p>
    </body>
</html>
