<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1833: Qi Sea Ancestor</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1833: Qi Sea Ancestor</h1>
        
        <p>In the dream realm.</p> 
<p>"Senior brother, was the dinner I made yesterday delicious?" After Green Ant Ascetic's lesson, junior sister Tai Qin came to Fang Yuan and asked him in anticipation.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan smiled: "It was really not bad, to think that junior sister had such talent, you will definitely make a good wife in the future, I wonder who would be so fortunate as to become your husband?"</p> 
<p>"Senior brother, you are making fun of me again." Tai Qin's face turned red as an apple as she spoke in a soft tone: "If senior brother likes it, I will make more for you."</p> 
<p>"Sure, then I will be happy to eat it." Fang Yuan laughed heartily.</p> 
<p>At this time, a dragonman Gu Immortal appeared: "My son."</p> 
<p>"Father, why are you here?" Fang Yuan was a little surprised.</p> 
<p>"Oh, hello Uncle Wu." Tai Qin quickly greeted nervously.</p> 
<p>The dragonman Gu Immortal nodded at the young girl, smiling: "You are Tai Qin right, my son has mentioned you many times in his letters, this is a small gift from me, do accept it."</p> 
<p>"Ah, no I cannot..." Tai Qin wanted to reject it but Fang Yuan received it for her, putting it in her palm and forcing her to keep it.</p> 
<p>"Take it, my father has come for important businesses, our lesson today has to end here." Fang Yuan apologized.</p> 
<p>"Ah, it is not a problem, no problem at all." Tai Qin quickly waved her hand and thanked the Gu Immortal before respectfully taking her leave.</p> 
<p>"Such a pure and innocent girl, my son, are you interested?" Seeing that Tai Qin had left, the dragonman Gu Immortal joked.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan smiled as he thought: the dream realm has changed again, he spoke cautiously: "Father, don't you understand me well enough?"</p> 
<p>"Hahaha." The dragonman Gu Immortal laughed loudly as he patted Fang Yuan's shoulders: "I came here for important businesses indeed. The daughter of Calligraphy Pavilion Lady, Shu Jiu Ling, has reached the age of sixteen and is holding a contest to find her husband, any remarkable young man can participate, I want you to join it."</p> 
<p>"Oh?" Fang Yuan was slightly surprised.</p> 
<p>He knew about the matter of Shu Jiu Ling.</p> 
<p>In the earlier scene, Tai Qin had mentioned it while they were chatting.</p> 
<p>Shu Jiu Ling originally loved Gu Immortal Fan Ji, she was impregnated with his child but he refused to marry her, constantly giving excuses.</p> 
<p>In the end, Shu Jiu Ling finally understood Fan Ji's true nature, she felt extremely hurt, she stayed locked up within the residence of her mother, Calligraphy Pavilion Lady, never going out.</p> 
<p>Calligraphy Pavilion Lady had rank eight cultivation level, she owned the Immortal Gu House Calligraphy Pavilion, she was a leader of Central Continent's lone cultivators. As a mother, seeing that her daughter was in such a state, she became furious, she wanted to find that heartless man and settle the score with him.</p> 
<p>But Fan Ji was the last disciple of Black Heaven Temple's first supreme elder Kong Yi Hen, he was also a rank eight Gu Immortal with no children but many disciples, his most beloved disciple was the final and youngest one, Fan Ji, he treated him like a son.</p> 
<p>Calligraphy Pavilion Lady could not act rashly against him, she had to approach Kong Yi Hen and seek an answer.</p> 
<p>Thus, Kong Yi Hen brought his beloved disciple Fan Ji to Calligraphy Pavilion as they negotiated.</p> 
<p>But something happened during this, not only did they not have an agreement, they even fought. After Kong Yi Hen and Calligraphy Pavilion Lady fought for a few rounds, they stopped. Fan Ji and Shu Jiu Ling became complete enemies as Shu Jiu Ling said in a rage, threatening Fan Ji: "Don't regret this, you don't want me, but there are countless in this world who do."</p> 
<p>Fan Ji smiled coldly: "I came here to negotiate with you but you are going too far. I want to see who has the guts to interfere in this. I want to see who has the passion to be with you even though this child is in your womb."</p> 
<p>Shu Jiu Ling fainted from anger on the spot.</p> 
<p>As her mother, Calligraphy Pavilion Lady definitely had to back up her daughter.</p> 
<p>After Shu Jiu Ling woke up, she wanted to arrange an open competition to find a husband, Calligraphy Pavilion Lady could not convince her daughter, she also felt that maybe someone else could give her daughter happiness. Even if her daughter does not like him, this event can distract her and lift her from depression and constant thoughts of suicide.</p> 
<p>Tai Qin had said it with excitement and joy, she was delighted and treated this as a joke.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed then but now, he could not laugh anymore.</p> 
<p>He thought: "The dragonman race wants to be independent and strong, they have a strong ambition. This is a good chance indeed, Calligraphy Pavilion Lady is a rank eight lone immortal who is going against Black Heaven Temple, if I can become the son-in-law of Calligraphy Pavilion Lady, with this relationship, I can lead her over to the side of my dragonman race."</p> 
<p>As for Shu Jiu Ling's appearance, personality, and the baby in her womb, they were not a concern.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not care.</p> 
<p>Compared to ambitions, so what if he had to make sacrifices?</p> 
<p>Normally, only people who were able to endure things that were absurd could create unimaginable achievements that normal people could not do!</p> 
<p>"But junior sister Tai Qin's affection towards me is growing, if I do that, I will be letting her down. This girl will be very upset." Fang Yuan felt a sense of guilt in his heart.</p> 
<p>But immediately, he jolted in his heart as he realized: "No wait, what happened to me? This is the dream realm, I am Fang Yuan, not Wu Shuai, why am I feeling guilt?"</p> 
<p>"What a powerful dream realm, it actually affected my emotions!"</p> 
<p>"The last few scenes of the dream realm were very stable and safe, but it was subtly trying to influence me, I was actually affected."</p> 
<p>"That was close!"</p> 
<p>If he had cold sweat, it would have formed on Fang Yuan's forehead already.</p> 
<p>But he was in the dream realm.</p> 
<p>Normally speaking, when Fang Yuan explores dream realms, his body would be outside while his soul enters, he would often travel between inside and outside, there was a clear differentiation.</p> 
<p>But now, Fang Yuan's dragonman clone went in with both body and soul, he explored it continuously for days, he was immersed in it. Even though Fang Yuan regained his clarity now and knew reality and dream, his emotions were actually affected earlier.</p> 
<p>This was a forewarning of danger.</p> 
<p>When exploring dream realms, the worst case was getting immersed in it and dissociating from reality. Emotions were the most powerful tool, once they were affected, all sorts of feelings would emerge, Fang Yuan would be trapped in quicksand, falling deeper and deeper until he got devoured by the dream realm.</p> 
<p>The dragonman Gu Immortal observed Fang Yuan's expression for a while before nodding in satisfaction: "My son, you are truly unaffected by the restraints of love and affection, I will go and meet Green Ant Ascetic now, to tell him about this matter and get approval for a leave of absence for you."</p> 
<p>"I will follow father's arrangements." Fang Yuan quickly said.</p> 
<p>River of Time.</p> 
<p>Boom boom boom!</p> 
<p>Intense explosions occurred as waves of river water shot out.</p> 
<p>Swoosh!</p> 
<p>A flying boat was riding on this huge wave, flying with lightning speed resembling a silver ray of light.</p> 
<p>It was Myriad Year Flying Warship.</p> 
<p>And behind Myriad Year Flying Warship, five Immortal Gu Houses chased relentlessly.</p> 
<p>Within Myriad Year Flying Warship, Bai Ning Bing and the rest went to their stations and fought with tense emotions.</p> 
<p>"This Heavenly Court is truly rich, they managed to rebuild Present and Past Pavilion as well as Eternal Yacht."</p> 
<p>"Not just that, they also have Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform, Shark Flow Lever, and that mysterious Immortal Gu House!"</p> 
<p>"Heavenly Court is truly the number one force in the world, their foundation is shocking."</p> 
<p>Bai Ning Bing and the rest did not recognize Heavenly Court's Moment Stage, in order to construct this time path Immortal Gu House, Fairy Zi Wei had taken out the core Immortal Gu of Million Heavenly King Gallery in Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Forget about the other four Immortal Gu Houses, but this Moment Stage was a rank eight Immortal Gu House.</p> 
<p>And there was rank eight time path Gu Immortal Gu Liu Ru inside Moment Stage.</p> 
<p>As Myriad Year Flying Warship fought against Moment Stage, the other four rank seven Immortal Gu Houses were not idling, because the situation now was quite different, Bai Ning Bing's side could only fight while moving away.</p> 
<p>"No worries, we have advantage in luck, we can use the River of Time's complex environment to cause damage to Heavenly Court."</p> 
<p>"That's right, after we weaken them sufficiently, we will counterattack."</p> 
<p>A few days later.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Duke Long was ready to move out, Qin Ding Ling who had a pale face and Fairy Zi Wei sent him off.</p> 
<p>After changing Duke Long's luck, Qin Ding Ling's condition was bad, she could not accompany him or join the fight in the River of Time, she could only recuperate in Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei had to stay in Heavenly Court to oversee the situation and prevent Longevity Heaven from launching a sneak attack.</p> 
<p>"The Immortal Gu House battle in the River of Time has gone on for a few days but Fang Yuan has not shown up. With Feng Jiu Ge's Dao Guardian luck, we can make up for the weakness in luck, thus, we have the upper hand now."</p> 
<p>"This Fang Yuan should not be underestimated, Zi Wei, pay more attention to him."</p> 
<p>Duke Long said with deep care and concern.</p> 
<p>"Yes." Fairy Zi Wei had a solemn expression: "Fang Zheng is ready now, he is inside Immortal Crane Sect's Pine Crane Pavilion, he is already on the route of Lord Duke Long's journey."</p> 
<p>"Good." Duke Long nodded as he turned into a purple dragon-shaped qi, vanishing on the spot.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan inspected his clone's luck again.</p> 
<p>The dragonman clone's purple dragon luck expanded by several times again, it was energetic and lively, moving casually within the black clouds.</p> 
<p>Half of the black cloud was already an azure-purple color, this showed that the chances of Fang Yuan becoming the Dragon Palace Lord was much higher now.</p> 
<p>However!</p> 
<p>At the top of this black cloud luck, a huge blood light luck was already pressing down, it was very close.</p> 
<p>Within the blood light luck, the golden phoenix phantom was gone, only the purple dragon figure was left, it was huge and menacing.</p> 
<p>Compared to the blood light luck, the black cloud luck and the purple dragon were small and weak.</p> 
<p>"It seems that only my main body can stop this variable." Fang Yuan had his realization.</p> 
<p>"Oh? He's here." At the next moment, his eyes shined with bright light.</p> 
<p>He saw that in immemorial white heaven, an Immortal Gu House flew closer. It was Immortal Crane Sect's Pine Crane Pavilion!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan breathed in deeply as he activated his battlefield killer move.</p> 
<p>This qi path battlefield had been prepared for a long time, it had been waiting for this moment.</p> 
<p>"What?!" Within Pine Crane Pavilion, Fang Zheng was deeply shocked as his vision warped greatly, he became trapped instantly.</p> 
<p>"An enemy has ambushed me! But I have Pine Crane Pavilion, thankfully, thankfully... ugh!" Fang Zheng's expression was filled with shock and fear.</p> 
<p>Boundless qi currents shot out like arrows, gathering towards Pine Crane Pavilion in an immeasurable number.</p> 
<p>The terrifying might made Fang Zheng's heart skip a beat.</p> 
<p>"Rank eight killer move!" Fang Zheng turned pale instantly, Pine Crane Pavilion was just a rank six Immortal Gu House, how could it block such an attack?</p> 
<p>At the crucial moment, a figure appeared.</p> 
<p>Who else could it be but Duke Long?</p> 
<p>It turned out that Duke Long did not meet with Fang Zheng, he only followed secretly and instructed Fang Zheng to head towards Eastern Sea using Pine Crane Pavilion.</p> 
<p>This was also Qin Ding Ling's suggestion, giving Fang Zheng some freedom would cause disturbance towards Fang Yuan naturally.</p> 
<p>But Fang Zheng moved with peace and serenity, until this moment when he met his foe.</p> 
<p>Without Duke Long, he would die without doubt.</p> 
<p>Duke Long pushed with his palms as the surrounding qi currents broke apart and crumbled.</p> 
<p>"Who is it? Come out!" Duke Long shouted.</p> 
<p>"I am Qi Sea Ancestor." Fang Yuan revealed himself but he had a different appearance now.</p>
    </body>
</html>
