<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1459: Marriage with Fang Yuan</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1459: Marriage with Fang Yuan</h1>
        
        <p>Northern Plains, northern icy plain.</p> 
<p>A blizzard was blowing, snow was falling above the glacier. Under this glacier, a negotiation filled with heavy atmosphere was underway.</p> 
<p>The two groups of variant humans who lived here in seclusion — the rockmen and snowmen, were engaging in negotiation due to a territorial dispute earlier.</p> 
<p>Right now, this negotiation had been going on for six days and six nights.</p> 
<p>"Moli Region belongs to my rockman tribe, it had been part of our territory since four hundred years ago. This is the bottom line of our rockman tribe, I hope the snowmen can understand us!" Shi Zong spoke loudly, his voice echoed in the room.</p> 
<p>The rockman Gu Immortals who were engaged in the negotiation were extremely stubborn.</p> 
<p>Meanwhile, the snowman Gu Immortals had dark and unsightly expressions.</p> 
<p>The rockman tribe was very firm on this topic, it was an immense pressure on the snowmen.</p> 
<p>Snowman Gu Immortal Bing Yuan said: "That was the case four hundred years ago. But afterwards, a senior Gu Immortal in our tribe won a bet against you, first supreme elder Shi Zong, and this Moli Region was the wager."</p> 
<p>Shi Zong waved his hand rapidly: "That was just a joke, it should not be taken for real."</p> 
<p>Bing Yuan smiled coldly: "An agreement was set back then."</p> 
<p>Shi Zong had a solemn expression, countering: "Where is the agreement now?"</p> 
<p>Bing Yuan was so angry she could not speak.</p> 
<p>This Shi Zong, not only did he use information path methods to get rid of the agreement, he even denied the bet, as the first supreme elder of the rockman tribe, he was simply too shameless.</p> 
<p>But the snowman Gu Immortals understood why, even though they were furious.</p> 
<p>Because there was just too little territory in this icy plain, after living here for so long, the rockmen and snowmen had propagated beyond the sustainable number for this place.</p> 
<p>Shi Zong was being so shameless to get back Moli Region, it was for the sake of the rockmen, and for their overall benefit.</p> 
<p>But in this case, the snowman tribe's benefits were infringed.</p> 
<p>Eventually, this difficult negotiation had a result.</p> 
<p>The snowmen lost while the rockmen won, they gained control of Moli Region.</p> 
<p>Immediately, the rockmen ordered the snowmen to leave Moli Region, to hand over the space to the rockman in charge.</p> 
<p>After returning to their territory, rank seven Gu Immortal Bing Zhuo said angrily: "These rockmen are too much, how can they distort facts just because they have the rank eight battle strength immemorial rock dragon?!"</p> 
<p>Bing Yuan consoled him: "Stay calm Bing Zhuo, haven't we known about the rockman tribe's attitude for the last thousand years?"</p> 
<p>The snowmen and rockmen were living together in the northern icy plain, but the rockmen had the advantage over them.</p> 
<p>There was only one reason, the rank eight battle strength immemorial rock dragon.</p> 
<p>With such powerful strength, the rockmen gained the advantage in many conflicts between the two tribes and defended their own benefits.</p> 
<p>Upon hearing the immemorial rock dragon, Bing Zhuo's rage faded, he sighed helplessly: "Sigh! Rank eight battle strength, immemorial rock dragon… if we had rank eight battle strength too, we would contest them evenly, that would be great."</p> 
<p>Bing Yuan was silent for a moment before saying: "It is not impossible to gain rank eight battle strength. I have a plan, if we succeed, the immemorial rock dragon will be nothing compared to it."</p> 
<p>Bing Zhuo heard this and his eyes shone: "What plan, tell me."</p> 
<p>"Actually, I have been planning this for some time, at this current moment, we have an opportunity, I will tell you." Bing Yuan said.</p> 
<p>Bing Zhuo heard this and called out: "You mean Liu Guan Yi, wait no, Fang Yuan?"</p> 
<p>Liu Guan Yi's true identity, which was Fang Yuan, had been exposed by Heavenly Court long ago to the world. Even though the snowman tribe were isolated, they still learned of such important details.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan undoubtedly has rank eight battle strength. He even has the upper extreme heavenly eagle, and we've had a relationship for some time, if we let Xue Er be married to him, we would have a marriage connection with him, he will be tied to our tribe. With this, our tribe will no longer be bullied by the rockmen. Furthermore, having a rank eight to defend us will be extremely helpful for our development." Bing Yuan said.</p> 
<p>Bing Zhuo thought while nodding: "Indeed, Fang Yuan is a human but he has countless enemies, he has also joined Lang Ya Sect, there is no problem with his allegiance. But wait…"</p> 
<p>Bing Zhuo looked at Bing Yuan: "We have a relationship with him? Why do I recall that we only fought him and ambushed him. Even though we made up later, we are far from having an actual relationship."</p> 
<p>Bing Yuan smiled: "Bing Zhuo, you were in seclusion to modify your killer move earlier, therefore you are unaware. During this period of time, Fang Yuan used all of Lang Ya Sect's strength to refine Immortal Gu, he met with difficulty in the process and needed the immortal material snow lotus essence. I made the decision to sell a lot of our snow lotus essence to Lang Ya Sect's Sixth Hair to help him out."</p> 
<p>"So that's it." Bing Zhuo realized, but he soon frowned: "Since it is a transaction, we gained from it too, why did we not just gift him the snow lotus essence?"</p> 
<p>Bing Yuan smiled bitterly: "This matter had many implications, I had no choice but to do that. Firstly, I did not have a strong desire towards the marriage connection, secondly, if we gifted it to him without cost, Fang Yuan is not a stupid person, he might not accept it. Thirdly, if everyone knows about it, the rockman tribe would become suspicious of our intentions."</p> 
<p>Bing Zhuo nodded and did not speak.</p> 
<p>He understood that rather than a relationship, they had only barely started to build one with him. It was very difficult to have a marriage connection with him.</p> 
<p>Because earlier, when Fang Yuan had the upper extreme heavenly eagle, the snowmen had expressed goodwill to Fang Yuan, but he was extremely cold to them.</p> 
<p>And right now, Fang Yuan had rank eight battle strength with the upper extreme heavenly eagle as well, his status had elevated even further. If the snowmen wanted to ally with him through marriage, they were not the ones helping him, they were trying to raise their own status.</p> 
<p>The snowmen did not know that Fang Yuan had lost the upper extreme heavenly eagle.</p> 
<p>But Bing Yuan had more confidence than Bing Zhuo, she said: "Don't worry, my granddaughter has incredible looks and is a Gu Immortal, she is the perfect person to marry. How can the rockmen surpass us in this? We have the advantage."</p> 
<p>"Even though our marriage connection ends in us relying on him, Fang Yuan can also receive our help, it is beneficial to him. Let alone anything else, we at least have snow lotus essence."</p> 
<p>"Or rather, even if this plan fails, there are no problems, our relationship with Fang Yuan will not worsen. We can try."</p> 
<p>This 'try' reasoning finally moved Bing Zhuo.</p> 
<p>The latter nodded: "Let's try it."</p> 
<p>Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>Swoosh swoosh!</p> 
<p>The water of the River of Time splashed with a grand commotion, reverberating in Fang Yuan's ears.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's divine sense swept around, after some observation, there were no issues, he retracted his divine sense.</p> 
<p>Using the time path methods from Hei Fan true inheritance, Fang Yuan restored the rate of time in his sovereign immortal aperture back to its original speed.</p> 
<p>The rate of time in the sovereign immortal aperture was very fast, it far surpassed super grade blessed lands.</p> 
<p>In terms of space path, there was more than 335000km2 of space in it.</p> 
<p>In terms of time path, the speed was one-to-sixty compared to the outside world. The ten extreme physique blessed land only had about a one-to-forty rate of time. As for high grade blessed lands, the time was about one-to-thirty, half of the sovereign immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>At the same time, the immortal aperture origin core had a deep foundation, ninety-six immortal essence beads were produced in the immortal aperture each year. In terms of outside time, it was sixteen immortal essence beads per day. Fang Yuan was a rank seven Gu Immortal now, so he obtained sixteen red date immortal essence beads daily.</p> 
<p>Sixteen red date immortal essence beads, in terms of immortal essence stones, that was sixteen hundred immortal essence stones!</p> 
<p>That was to say, even if Fang Yuan did nothing everyday, his immortal aperture would still produce the equivalent of sixteen hundred immortal essence stones for him daily!</p> 
<p>That was terrifying.</p> 
<p>And in fact, that was not all. When Fang Yuan's time path dao marks increase, his immortal aperture's rate of time would accelerate. When his immortal aperture origin core's foundation becomes deeper, the number of beads of immortal essence produced would increase too.</p> 
<p>At rank eight cultivation level, it would be even more terrifying!</p> 
<p>At the most basic level, sixteen immortal essence beads per day of rank eight white litchi immortal essence would be the equivalent of a hundred and sixty thousand immortal essence stones!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan managed to earn millions of immortal essence stones from selling year Gu. But when he reaches rank eight cultivation level, he could obtain sixteen million immortal essence stones worth of immortal essence beads every hundred days without doing anything.</p> 
<p>The higher the cultivation level, the deeper the growth in resources. This was not a linear growth, the increment was far greater.</p> 
<p>Of course, that was for Fang Yuan's case.</p> 
<p>The sovereign immortal aperture was a unique situation in the world. Shadow Sect spent a hundred thousand years to accumulate resources and used it all to refine this Gu, it was understandable why this was so terrifying.</p> 
<p>Earlier, Fang Yuan was forced by heaven's will and tribulations to reduce his immortal aperture's rate of time.</p> 
<p>But now, with his surge in battle strength, Fang Yuan was confident in getting past calamities and tribulations, with the immortal killer move exposing heavenly secret created by Old Man Yan Shi, he could obtain the details of calamities and tribulations in advance.</p> 
<p>And together with his own development needs, he had to restore the rate of time.</p> 
<p>In fact, Fang Yuan even planned to use time path methods to further increase the speed.</p> 
<p>"But I need to wait now. The time path methods in Hei Fan's true inheritance have a cooldown period before I can use them again to influence the tributary of the River of Time."</p> 
<p>"With my accelerated rate of time, the light shine fungi can reproduce rapidly now, I should place wisdom sword Immortal Gu and attitude Gu outside the immortal aperture."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan calculated, at this rate, he would be able to satisfy the feeding of attitude Gu and wisdom sword Gu.</p> 
<p>It was about time to feed them.</p> 
<p>But rank eight Immortal Gu were too hard to feed, this problem had been in Fang Yuan's mind for a long time, and as time passed, his pressure intensified.</p> 
<p>Now that he could settle this problem, Fang Yuan finally let out a sigh of relief.</p>
    </body>
</html>
