<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1831: Heavenly Court Notices</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1831: Heavenly Court Notices</h1>
        
        <p>Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling floated in the air, she had an extremely solemn expression.</p> 
<p>She had been preparing this killer move for three days and nights.</p> 
<p>"Go!" At the next moment, she burst out with a grand golden light, the light shot out like a five tailed peacock, chirping and spreading its wings as it flew.</p> 
<p>When this golden light reached a certain area in the sky, it exploded and scattered into countless light specks.</p> 
<p>Within the light specks, a huge tunnel was vaguely seen.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei, who was beside Qin Ding Ling, became shocked as she shouted: "There was really a tunnel here!"</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling was bleeding from her seven orifices, her body shook as her face turned pale, she went to rest.</p> 
<p>"Thank you for the hard work." Duke Long was around too, evidently moved.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling breathed deeply for a while as she sighed: "Too close! If I had not soul searched Zhao Lian Yun a while ago and learned some information regarding Giant Sun's all living beings luck true inheritance, with just my own attainment, I would not have found Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's arrangements here."</p> 
<p>Duke Long snorted coldly: "This Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had ill intentions, back when he toured Heavenly Court, he already set up this hidden path. This luck path true inheritance is truly profound, even our great Heavenly Court could not detect it. But heaven's will favors our Heavenly Court, at the crucial moment, Fairy Qin woke up and exposed Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's devious scheme."</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei breathed in deeply too: "With this arrangement, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable created a way to enter Heavenly Court. If it activates, Longevity Heaven's Gu Immortals might likely attack us directly."</p> 
<p>"Indeed, that is the behavior of these Northern Plains brutes." Duke Long said.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei's eyes shined with bright light: "However, since we found this in advance, we can deal with this arrangement. We can even make use of it to ambush Northern Plains instead. This will be very helpful for the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention in a few years."</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling made a huge contribution but she still had a grim expression, she sighed: "Giant Sun Immortal Venerable has three true inheritances of self luck, all living beings luck, and heaven and earth luck. In order to deal with him, I cultivated all living beings luck alone, after so many years, I thought that I had reached his level. But today, I learned that our difference is still so immense."</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei consoled her: "None of the venerables can be assessed using common sense. Senior's luck path attainment is already Heavenly Court's blessing, it allowed us to overcome our greatest weakness. From now on, Heavenly Court also has a proper luck path true inheritance."</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling said: "To guard against accidents, I have already placed my luck path true inheritance in the treasury. But the best case is to obtain Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's true inheritances. It is a pity that even though Zhao Lian Yun saw the all living beings luck true inheritance in Imperial Court blessed land, she was too weak then and only obtained a tiny portion. That Ma Hong Yun was the user of Fortune Rivalling Heaven, he must have known more information, but Fang Yuan captured him instead."</p> 
<p>Mentioning Fang Yuan, Fairy Zi Wei frowned: "Speaking of which, Fang Yuan has not shown up for a long time, even though we placed a lot of defense in the River of Time, Fang Yuan is nowhere to be seen. He has Myriad Year Flying Warship but does not show much interest in Red Lotus' true inheritance. Is it because we cannot detect his traces or..."</p> 
<p>Mentioning Red Lotus' true inheritance, Duke Long frowned too, he said: "Let's make the worst case assumption, we will treat it as if Fang Yuan has already obtained Red Lotus' true inheritance."</p> 
<p>"To subdue Fang Yuan, in my opinion, the focus is still on Gu Yue Fang Zheng." Qin Ding Ling smiled.</p> 
<p>Different from the previous life, Gu Yue Fang Zheng received a great amount of attention, he was already a significant figure to Duke Long and Fairy Zi Wei.</p> 
<p>Through Heavenly Court's arrangements and a great deal of resources, Gu Yue Fang Zheng's strength was also improving rapidly.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Blood Turns Cold!</p> 
<p>Three desolate beasts became slower as they eventually froze and fell on the ground, grunting.</p> 
<p>The victor, Gu Yue Fang Zheng, floated in the air, looking at the three desolate beasts lying below him as his robe remained clean and untouched.</p> 
<p>"Blood path killer moves are truly powerful." Zhao Lian Yun was standing beside him as they fought together.</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng cupped his fists: "It was all thanks to your help, fairy, otherwise, why would I get so many opportunities to fight in real combat?"</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun smiled: "We both have a common goal, we should work together, right?"</p> 
<p>Similar to the previous life, Zhao Lian Yun also took the initiative to befriend Fang Zheng.</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun loved Ma Hong Yun but he was killed by Fang Yuan. Even though he died, the soul remained, there was a chance of reviving him.</p> 
<p>"Heavenly Court follows the will of heaven, they do not want to revive Hong Yun. After all, if he revives, wouldn't that defy fate?"</p> 
<p>"Even though I am Spirit Affinity House's current generation fairy, Heavenly Court only treats me as a pawn, they only want to make use of me."</p> 
<p>"Earlier, that female immortal Qin Ding Ling soul searched me, that is the best evidence. In this aspect, Fang Zheng and I are similar. We are both pawns, but Heavenly Court places greater importance on Fang Zheng."</p> 
<p>"Thus, if I want to revive Hong Yun, I can only rely on myself, I need to find an opportunity!"</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun made her own plans.</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun knew her own situation, Fang Zheng was also no longer ignorant, after his experiences, he knew his own situation and why Zhao Lian Yun was acting like this to befriend him.</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng did not dislike Zhao Lian Yun, they were in similar situations, he felt a sense of empathy towards her.</p> 
<p>As the two spoke, Gu Yue Fang Zheng kept the three desolate beasts in his immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>The three desolate beasts did not die, after he familiarized himself with blood turns cold, he was now able to use it effectively to capture enemies.</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng had put a lot of effort into this killer move indeed.</p> 
<p>Originally, Fairy Zi Wei planned to nurture Fang Zheng through closed cultivation. But after Qin Ding Ling awakened, she told her to change this plan.</p> 
<p>Therefore, Gu Yue Fang Zheng took the sect mission and came to suppress the three desolate beasts causing chaos.</p> 
<p>The mission was completed now, Fang Zheng was planning to collect all his loot and return to Fei He Mountain.</p> 
<p>But to think that within the desolate beasts' cave, there was a secret tunnel.</p> 
<p>To prevent the desolate beast cubs from remaining in the tunnel, Zhao Lian Yun and Fang Zheng decided to fly into the tunnel after a discussion.</p> 
<p>The result was surprising to both of them, this tunnel was incredibly long, as they continued to fly downwards, the tunnel became wider, it could basically fit a mountain.</p> 
<p>"This should be an Earth Trench, the three desolate beasts we caught should have nothing to do with the Earth Trench." Zhao Lian Yun analyzed.</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng nodded but he had his suspicions: "I guess that too, but this Earth Trench is too strange. normally speaking, it should be filled with vitality, beasts and plants should be everywhere, but after we flew for so long, we saw no lifeforms. This Earth Trench is not simple, we should explore it deeper."</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun wanted to return but hearing Fang Zheng's words, she followed him as they went down.</p> 
<p>"Oh, there is a blessed land here?!" Not long after, Fang Zheng found something strange.</p> 
<p>Next, Zhao Lian Yun also found out, she gasped: "This blessed land is undergoing tribulation, the blessed land got damaged and a loophole formed, causing it to be exposed to the outside world. It is so coincidental that we came at this exact moment, otherwise, if the blessed land's entrance is shut, even if it were right in front of us, we would not be able to notice it."</p> 
<p>"Let's go in and see." Fang Zheng was slightly excited as he spoke.</p> 
<p>Since this was a blessed land, there might be a Gu Immortal inheritance here, after all, blessed lands were created from immortal apertures of Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>The two easily got into the blessed land, it was facing a grand tribulation now as chaos ensued.</p> 
<p>"Strange, the people here are really strange, are they the extinct beastmen?"</p> 
<p>"Looking at the situation, there should be no Gu Immortals here."</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun and Fang Zheng discussed for a while, they decided to help.</p> 
<p>Even though their cultivation level was low, they were not ordinary Gu Immortals, they had powerful methods and they soon calmed the situation.</p> 
<p>The people who survived in the blessed land knelt to the two immortals as they expressed their gratitude.</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng asked and found out that these people in the blessed land were not humans, they were dragonmen.</p> 
<p>"Dragonman, what variant human race is this? I have never heard of it." Fang Zheng was confused.</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun had become the current generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House for quite some time, she quickly frowned as she said: "Dragonman is a variant human race, but we are in trouble now."</p> 
<p>She knew that she and Fang Zheng were pawns of Heavenly Court, they seemed to be moving freely but Heavenly Court definitely had methods to watch them.</p> 
<p>As expected, Gu Immortals descended soon after.</p> 
<p>Two female immortals.</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng and Zhao Lian Yun knew them, they were Fairy Zi Wei and Qin Ding Ling.</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng did not understand: "This blessed land is so ordinary, it is not outstanding, why did these two great experts come here?"</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling and Fairy Zi Wei were in a good mood, it was evident from their facial expressions.</p> 
<p>"Fang Zheng, you made a huge contribution again, good work. Your job here is done, you can leave now." Qin Ding Ling smiled as she sent Fang Zheng and Zhao Lian Yun away.</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng and Zhao Lian Yun had to obey her as they flew back to their respective sects.</p> 
<p>A moment later, Fairy Zi Wei obtained the information she needed: "This blessed land belongs to Duke Long's grandson, Wu Shuai, no wonder it was hidden for so long, even Lord Duke Long was deceived."</p> 
<p>"The dragonmen in this blessed land are all Wu Shuai's bloodline descendants, there are pure dragonmen and also dragonman-human mixed bloods."</p> 
<p>"These dragonmen are not important, but this blessed land hides the clues to Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace! Senior Qin, you were right, Fang Zheng is truly our lucky star!"</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei had a joyful tone.</p> 
<p>Because one of the creators of Dragon Palace was Wu Shuai.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court had been looking for Dragon Palace but progress was slow. Now that they obtained this important clue, as long as they solved it, with Heavenly Court's efforts, they would be able to deduce Dragon Palace's location.</p> 
<p>"There is no time!" Qin Ding Ling had a solemn expression: "Fang Zheng is the arrangement of heaven's will to deal with Fang Yuan. Since he found this blessed land and exposed Dragon Palace, it means that Fang Yuan must be trying to obtain Dragon Palace himself."</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei heard this and did not dare to waste time, she quickly went back to Heavenly Court to make her deductions.</p>
    </body>
</html>
