<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1082: Quality over Quantity?</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1082: Quality over Quantity?</h1>
        
        <p>Lang Ya land spirit could only keep on nodding at Fang Yuan's well-founded words.</p> 
<p>"Reasonable, reasonable!" He praised.</p> 
<p>"I am flattered. This is only my shallow opinion." Fang Yuan spoke modestly.</p> 
<p>Land spirits were straightforward, Lang Ya land spirit did not understand Fang Yuan's modesty, retorting with a shake of his head: "No, this is not just a shallow opinion, it is a true insight. Your words have inspired me greatly, they are a huge contribution towards Lang Ya Sect."</p> 
<p>"According to Lang Ya Sect's rules, just this contribution could have raised your status by one level. For instance, Sixth Hair could promote to Fifth Hair. But you are not a true hairy man Gu Immortal right now, so you can only receive two hundred sect contribution points."</p> 
<p>At the end, Lang Ya land spirit looked at Fang Yuan and sighed in regret.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan also showed an extremely regrettable expression on his face.</p> 
<p>He was only an external elder at present and did not need to complete any missions, and every month, he would get ten sect contribution points. However, other hairy man Gu Immortals were genuine members, and their monthly earnings were much higher. Moreover, the higher the hairy man Gu Immortal's ranking, the more sect contribution points they would receive each month.</p> 
<p>"How I wish to become a true hairy man!" Fang Yuan lamented, showing a genuine and sincere expression on his face, as if he truly wanted that.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit spoke: "It is a pity that treasure yellow heaven is closed at the moment, once it opens, I will start a large scale purchase of the desolate beasts."</p> 
<p>"I have a slight opinion about this." Fang Yuan quickly spoke, "There are many hairy man Gu Immortals, and to nurture them, no matter how great our sect's assets are, we won't be able to bear such expenses. Moreover, this is not the way to run a business. I suggest we develop our own resources."</p> 
<p>"Oh? How do you propose we do that?" Lang Ya land spirit asked.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan replied: "Simple, like other super forces, we occupy the resources in the five regions."</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit showed a reluctant expression.</p> 
<p>He had already thought of this before and also carefully pondered its advantages and disadvantages, before considering it an undesirable choice.</p> 
<p>The reason was evident, hairy men were variant humans, and could not be out in the open in the current age.</p> 
<p>Although there were variant human forces in Northern Plains, one clear example being Inkman City, this Inkman City only had one inkman Gu Immortal publicly. And in history, Inkman City's founder, Immortal Yi Yan, had paid a heavy price to reach an agreement with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. These two factors allowed Inkman City to barely be able to survive amidst the countless powerful human forces.</p> 
<p>If Lang Ya Sect's force appeared in the open, with so many hairy man Gu Immortals, it would definitely provoke human Gu Immortals, encroaching upon their bottom line.</p> 
<p>Whether it be righteous path, demonic path or lone immortal forces, they would not easily allow the existence of such a powerful outside force.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit might be straightforward, but he was not foolish. He wholeheartedly wanted to make hairy men rule the world, but he was still very aware of the current situation.</p> 
<p>However, Fang Yuan had already expected this reaction from Lang Ya land spirit, as he continued: "First supreme elder, I am not suggesting for Lang Ya Sect to openly fight with human forces for the outside world's resources. We will instead focus on occupying the resources they have not occupied, and secretly develop."</p> 
<p>Realization dawned upon Lang Ya land spirit: "You are referring to those dangerous forbidden areas?"</p> 
<p>Northern Plains was vast and broad, but the large and super forces had already split the cultivation resources found within it. What remained mainly were the ten great fierce areas.</p> 
<p>"First supreme elder is wise!" Fang Yuan immediately gave a thumbs up in admiring fashion: "The ten great fierce areas are dangerous, but at the same time, they contain plentiful opportunities. In my opinion, Earth Trench is a good place. We can set up a teleportation Gu formation, letting the hairy man Gu Immortals freely go back and forth the blessed land and Earth Trench. There are countless desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts in Earth Trench, they are perfect for the hairy man Gu Immortals to train their combat abilities. Moreover, by killing these desolate beasts, we can use their body parts to refine transformation path Immortal Gu. If we capture these desolate beasts, we can also use beast enslavement Immortal Gu to enslave them and make them aid us, increasing the defense of the blessed land."</p> 
<p>One of the crucial components for this was a teleportation Gu formation.</p> 
<p>Accurately speaking, a Gu formation that could transport Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya Sect undoubtedly possessed such a method.</p> 
<p>Because when Fang Yuan was previously hurrying back from Southern Border, he used the teleportation Gu formation at Feng Bo Cliff to get rid of those troublesome cloud beasts and return to Lang Ya blessed land.</p> 
<p>That teleportation Gu formation had left a deep impression on Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit sank into contemplation: "This matter is too significant, I need to consider it properly."</p> 
<p>"I am only suggesting, the significant matters in the sect still need to be decided by you, first supreme elder. If my suggestion is flawed, I hope you can be lenient."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was deeply aware that pushing too much could be detrimental, he changed the topic to the flowing light fruits he wanted to obtain.</p> 
<p>After a while, he left with a large number of flowing light fruits.</p> 
<p>Parting with the land spirit, he returned to his own cloud city and immediately started arranging these flowing light fruits.</p> 
<p>Flowing light fruits were not ordinary fruits.</p> 
<p>They were formed from pure bundles of light, if ordinary people were to try to touch them, they would just pass through their hands. Special methods were needed to collect these fruits.</p> 
<p>These fruits did not grow on plants or trees like ordinary fruits either, instead they were a pure materialization of dense aurora lights.</p> 
<p>Aurora lights were of many colors, so the same went for flowing light fruits, having all kinds of color like red, brown, yellow, green, black, blue, purple, etc.</p> 
<p>Flowing light fruits were the food of attitude Gu.</p> 
<p>The reason Fang Yuan exchanged for flowing light fruits was because of this.</p> 
<p>Ever since the transactions, the Immortal Gu Fang Yuan possessed had suddenly increased to a terrifying number.</p> 
<p>Counting his current collection.</p> 
<p>Rank nine Immortal Gu: wisdom Gu.</p> 
<p>Rank eight Immortal Gu: attitude Gu, wisdom sword Gu.</p> 
<p>Rank seven Immortal Gu: Change Soul, Sword Eyebrows, Wave Sword, Sword Escape, Calamity Beckoning.</p> 
<p>Rank six Immortal Gu: Unravel Mystery, Woman's Heart, Blood Asset, Dark Limit, Dog Shit Luck, Change Form, Strength Qi, Self Strength, Flying Bear Strength, Pulling Mountain, Pulling Water, Landscape as Before, Man as Before, Star Eyes.</p> 
<p>Among them, to refine Bo Qing's sword path Gu worms, Fang Yuan had left Woman's Heart in Hu Immortal blessed land before the battle of Yi Tian Mountain. He had used the light of wisdom to construct a Gu formation, in which Unravel Mystery and Woman's Heart were two components. But Unravel Mystery was brought away by Fang Yuan after it had been activated at the start. Woman's Heart, however, needed to remain in the Gu formation, until Bo Qing's sword path Immortal Gu were successfully refined, before it could be taken out.</p> 
<p>Because of this, after the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, when Fang Yuan used Lang Ya Sect to completely move away the resources in the two blessed lands, Woman's Heart was also taken by Lang Ya blessed land before finally returning to Fang Yuan's hands.</p> 
<p>Connect luck Gu and iron crown eagle strength Gu, which originally belonged to Fang Yuan, were placed in treasure yellow heaven by Ying Wu Xie, so Fang Yuan was not able to obtain them during the transactions. After finishing the transactions, it was even more impossible for him to get them back.</p> 
<p>Among the star path Gu worms, only star eyes Immortal Gu returned to Fang Yuan's possession, while it was a mystery whether the other Immortal Gu like Star Shoot, Star Mark, Starlight and Star Thought were in Ying Wu Xie's hands, he did not know if they still existed or not.</p> 
<p>In the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, when Graceful Chaotic Duel Stage broke down, many of its Gu worms were destroyed, but there were still some Gu worms remaining which had been left behind in the immortal zombie body's immortal aperture. Fang Yuan was not too familiar with those Gu worms and he did not even remember their appearances (the loss of memories), and also did know how many of them were withheld by Ying Wu Xie.</p> 
<p>It was not that Fang Yuan did not want to take these Gu worms back, but before he could even talk about it, Ying Wu Xie had already concluded the transaction.</p> 
<p>Normally speaking, there was a rule for Immortal Gu, quality over quantity.</p> 
<p>Forget about mortal Gu, even for a large number of mortal Gu, Gu Immortals could raise them.</p> 
<p>Immortal Gu were the key factor in measuring a Gu Immortal's strength.</p> 
<p>Very few Gu Immortals raised as many Immortal Gu as Fang Yuan currently possessed.</p> 
<p>Even many rank eight Gu Immortals did not have as many as Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>This was not in the least bit exaggerated.</p> 
<p>It was enough for most Gu Immortals to have two or three Immortal Gu. Naturally, these Immortal Gu were suited for their ranks.</p> 
<p>One Immortal Gu, when matched with large numbers of different combinations of mortal Gu, could result in different immortal killer moves and produce different effects which covered offense, defense, movement, healing and other aspects.</p> 
<p>But just one Immortal Gu was not enough.</p> 
<p>Because with just one Immortal Gu, the Gu Immortal could only activate one immortal killer move at one time. If they used a defensive killer move, they would not have offensive methods, or they would lose their movement advantage, and could only be in a passive situation. If they used offense, then they would not have defensive method, which could cause the Gu Immortal's situation to be very dangerous.</p> 
<p>But with two Immortal Gu, both could be simultaneously used to cover all aspects.</p> 
<p>Having more than three Immortal Gu would become a burden, generally, they could not be nurtured properly and used.</p> 
<p>After all, activating Immortal Gu required immortal essence.</p> 
<p>There were few examples where someone used higher rank Immortal Gu like Fang Yuan using rank seven Immortal Gu. It was because he was a special case and his experiences were different from the vast majority of Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>Gu Immortals were very selective in choosing Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>They were selective not in terms of quantity, but they focused on and limited the range of types of Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>A fire path Gu Immortal would perform best with fire path Immortal Gu, using water path or ice path would simply be looking for trouble. Even if they had Immortal Gu of other paths, they could at most be used as supplementary Gu worms for immortal killer moves.</p> 
<p>The quality of Immortal Gu was valued, not their number, this was common sense in the cultivation world, almost all Gu Immortals knew of it.</p> 
<p>To Fang Yuan, however, this was not applicable.</p> 
<p>Because he had the nine-five sovereign immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>He had no worries about not having enough space in his immortal aperture. The rate of time was also fast, allowing the resources inside to grow extremely quickly.</p> 
<p>These were all part of his potential.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was already aware he had the potential to bear the burden of supporting large numbers of Immortal Gu!</p> 
<p>Since he had this potential, he naturally would excavate as much of it as possible.</p> 
<p>The second reason was that Fang Yuan was earning a lot daily, his current financial condition was extremely good.</p> 
<p>His sovereign immortal aperture produced ninety-six beads of immortal essence every year. This one year was in relation to the time in the immortal aperture. In terms of the time in the outside world, his aperture would produce sixteen beads of immortal essence every day.</p> 
<p>This number was already a lot, even those of the ten extreme physiques could not compare to it. When factoring in Fang Yuan's monthly income, this number was simply a drop in the bucket.</p> 
<p>This meant Fang Yuan had the capital to provide for these Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>There was also Lang Ya Sect, which could be relied upon to a certain degree.</p> 
<p>These three reasons added up to make Fang Yuan determined in raising large numbers of Immortal Gu to raise his battle strength.</p> 
<p>There was no other way, whether it was facing heaven's will or the calamities and tribulations, Fang Yuan needed to ensure his strength was high.</p> 
<p>A Gu Immortal's battle strength mostly came from their Immortal Gu and immortal killer moves.</p> 
<p>Currently, Fang Yuan had few immortal killer moves, and he could not use wisdom Gu either, deducing more would require too much time, so he could only place his efforts in the aspect of Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was naturally aware of Ying Wu Xie's scheme, it was to increase Fang Yuan's burden by giving him these Immortal Gu, and letting him have no time and energy to influence Shadow Sect's movements.</p> 
<p>However, Fang Yuan needed large numbers of Immortal Gu to keep up his battle strength.</p> 
<p>He also had the potential and the capital to raise these Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>This was completely different from when he was an immortal zombie.</p> 
<p>The nine-five sovereign immortal aperture was the most crucial reason!</p>
    </body>
</html>
