<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1798: Inspiration of Destiny</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1798: Inspiration of Destiny</h1>
        
        <p>Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Southern Border.</p> 
<p>Rumble!</p> 
<p>A loud sound was heard.</p> 
<p>The ground shook for a moment before the dense radiance of an earth path killer move covered the surrounding one hundred li.</p> 
<p>Like a large formless hand molding soft mud, the surrounding terrain began to sink in while the land in the periphery began to rise, forming a circular valley.</p> 
<p>This sunken land was surrounded by mountains, forming an environment that was isolated from the outside.</p> 
<p>There was no vegetation in this sunken land, soil was also scarce, it was instead covered by a large amount of steel materials.</p> 
<p>"This is white steel bowl valley!" Rockman Gu Immortal Shi Shi Cheng watched this scene from outside the valley with shock.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had countless powerful methods, casually creating another mid-scale resource point without exerting much effort.</p> 
<p>Over these days, Shi Shi Cheng had conversed with other Gu Immortals and gained a deeper understanding of how vast the sovereign immortal aperture was and the large amount of resources distributed all over it.</p> 
<p>Such a deep foundation was astonishing and increased the confidence of these Gu Immortals regarding their future.</p> 
<p>However, what made Shi Shi Cheng even more amazed was Fang Yuan's courage!</p> 
<p>Other Gu Immortals would not have dared, but Fang Yuan fought against stronger enemies, targeting Southern Border's righteous path.</p> 
<p>The important thing was he not only attacked them but also was victorious and captured these Southern Border Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>If not for these captives, how could Fang Yuan have extorted these resources to easily create white steel bowl valley?</p> 
<p>Compared to Fang Yuan, the rockman tribe's Gu Immortals looked excessively conservative.</p> 
<p>"Lord Fang Yuan is the one we should follow!" Shi Shi Cheng was becoming increasingly inclined towards Fang Yuan, he was completely captivated by Fang Yuan's charisma and subdued by his disposition.</p> 
<p>Over these days, with Hei Lou Lan and the others' continuous work, every resource was arranged properly.</p> 
<p>The sovereign immortal aperture had been barren but annexing blessed lands and grotto-heavens had gathered a large amount of resources in it. And now, these resources were distributed ingeniously and harmoniously to form a balanced ecology.</p> 
<p>There was no chaos or mutual disturbance, the resources aided one another in their growth.</p> 
<p>This was the result of Fang Yuan's meticulous deductions using wisdom path.</p> 
<p>The next step was to fill up some gaps.</p> 
<p>For instance, white steel bowl valley was something Tie Qu Zhong wanted to construct but had not started yet. With it, Tie Qu Zhong could feed edge Gu by himself and would not have to rely on external sources.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had already filled the gaps here.</p> 
<p>In the previous life, he had completed this project, and it was even easier in this life.</p> 
<p>As for the necessary resources, Fang Yuan extorted them from Southern Border's righteous path.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan clearly felt it was much easier to extort the Southern Border righteous path in this life than in the previous life.</p> 
<p>It was because the resistance of Southern Border's Gu Immortals resistance had become much weaker.</p> 
<p>The video Fang Yuan revealed in Heavenly Court showed him killing Chen Yi and Thunder Ghost True Monarch, this greatly stirred up the Southern Border righteous path!</p> 
<p>"Even Heavenly Court lost to this demon Fang Yuan, what is so strange about our Southern Border righteous path failing to deal with him?"</p> 
<p>Even if the Southern Border Gu Immortals did not admit this thought, they knew it inwardly.</p> 
<p>Adding on Fang Yuan's plentiful experience in extortion, these Southern Border righteous path forces could only give in.</p> 
<p>The extortion in this life was also different from the previous life.</p> 
<p>In the previous life, Fang Yuan mainly wanted to construct a year essence pool and thus extorted many precious and rare immortal materials. He did not need to do so in this life and changed the demands to other things, but they were still mainly immortal materials.</p> 
<p>A small portion of these immortal materials were used to fill up the deficiencies in the sovereign immortal aperture, like constructing white steel bowl valley.</p> 
<p>The remaining large portion was in preparation for advancing the ranks of his Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>In this life, Fang Yuan had a lot more Immortal Gu than in his previous life!</p> 
<p>Rank six Immortal Gu occupied the majority but they were too weak for him, being at rank eight.</p> 
<p>So large scale refinement was necessary and would give rise to a great increase in Fang Yuan's comprehensive battle strength.</p> 
<p>He had done this in his previous life, and it would be much easier in this life since he had annexed Lang Ya blessed land and had many refinement path Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>He planned ahead, preparing these immortal materials in advance.</p> 
<p>The gains from annexing apertures were almost processed completely. The whole sovereign immortal aperture's development had already reached sixteen percent, this was already close to the highest limit he reached in his previous life.</p> 
<p>Moreover, he still had Liu Hao's and Ba Shi Ba's immortal apertures to annex, as well as Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.</p> 
<p>Killer moves were being familiarized, true inheritances were still being researched, and he was still comprehending human path.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan made some time to go to the River of Time once again.</p> 
<p>He was unable to forget about his pure dream clone.</p> 
<p>Although the plan for the pure dream clone had received a setback, Fang Yuan thought of the stone lotus island's future self killer move.</p> 
<p>"Maybe I can use future self to bring over a Gu Immortal level pure dream clone!"</p> 
<p>The Four Xunzi in Present and Past Pavilion were observing the River of Time at all times, but they were simply unable to detect Fang Yuan's tracks.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan understood Present and Past Pavilion much more than them.</p> 
<p>He smoothly reached the stone lotus island and used future self on the pure dream clone.</p> 
<p>However, Fang Yuan was disappointed as there were simply no changes in the pure dream clone!</p> 
<p>"Is it because the pure dream clone is created from dream realms, most killer moves are ineffective on it?"</p> 
<p>"Or is it that the pure dream clone doesn't have a future where it becomes an immortal?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's pure dream clone was already at rank five peak stage, just a step away from undergoing immortal ascension.</p> 
<p>However, this step had fatal danger so Fang Yuan wisely chose to stop.</p> 
<p>"If future self is ineffective because the pure dream clone doesn't have a future where it is an immortal, does this mean there is no hope for the pure dream clone's tribulation with my current strength?"</p> 
<p>Thinking of this, Fang Yuan suddenly felt somewhat interested.</p> 
<p>"There is no harm in trying."</p> 
<p>He immediately activated the immortal killer move exposing heavenly secret.</p> 
<p>This killer move used heavenly secret Immortal Gu as its core and could observe the contents of the following calamities and tribulations of the target.</p> 
<p>Blank.</p> 
<p>Exposing heavenly secret showed no effect on the pure dream clone.</p> 
<p>"Is it because of the characteristics of the pure dream clone, or because exposing heavenly secret is currently unable to target dream path calamities and tribulations?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was perturbed.</p> 
<p>There were very few Gu worms that were effective on the pure dream clone.</p> 
<p>Relic Gu was effective because it was a human path Gu worm. The Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body was a human body so human path Gu worms were effective on it.</p> 
<p>But in fact, many other Gu worms were completely ineffective on the pure dream clone.</p> 
<p>Because the pure dream clone was created from dream realms and had the characteristics of dream realms.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had relied on dream path's superiority to cross many obstacles before or stir up troubles, but he was now stumped by this superiority.</p> 
<p>Just like Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord, Duke Long and others were unable to contest lead soul into dream, even Spectral Soul had fallen asleep inside the dream realm, existing methods had negligible effect against dream realms.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan actually had many methods to deal with calamities and tribulations.</p> 
<p>For instance, calamity beckoning Immortal Gu or endless trouble killer move, but could these methods be able to deal with dream path calamities and tribulations?</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan shook his head in his mind, there was almost no chance!</p> 
<p>"The only possibility is to develop a corresponding dream path killer move."</p> 
<p>However, Fang Yuan's dream path attainment level was stuck. In the five hundred years of his previous life, he had not prioritized researching dream path and had pursued blood path.</p> 
<p>Not long after returning from the River of Time, Fang Yuan was pleasantly surprised as the dragonman clone plan had made a progress.</p> 
<p>Xia clan expressed that Shang clan's treasure realm had raging wave rising dragon fire, and they were currently in the process of trading for it.</p> 
<p>"Shang clan's treasure realm... it should be the immortal aperture left behind by Shang clan's creator."</p> 
<p>"After the ancestor died, it was left behind in Shang Liang Mountain. Since Gu Immortals are unable to enter it, even Shang clan Gu Immortals don't know if it is a grotto-heaven or a blessed land."</p> 
<p>"Looks like the foundation of this treasure realm is much deeper than I estimated."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan exclaimed at Shang clan's foundation.</p> 
<p>Shang clan had always been among the top few clans in the Southern Border Gu Immortal world, and because of their unique geographical location, they had maintained harmonious relationships with other super forces.</p> 
<p>"If Xia clan can get the raging wave rising dragon fire, my dragonman clone will have half of the obstacles remaining."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan waited patiently while increasing his strength.</p> 
<p>With regards to using five restriction profound light qi, he was gaining more experience and insight, and was now able to use four different light qi at the same time.</p> 
<p>His soul cultivation was rising explosively every time. He had split his soul again for the dragonman clone, but even so, his soul cultivation was gradually reaching eighty million man soul!</p> 
<p>The dream realm trading with Chi clan was continuing in secret.</p> 
<p>Chi Qu You had come to terms with his situation.</p> 
<p>He had made one misstep and now could only fall deeper into it.</p> 
<p>Naturally, Fang Yuan never let go of his guard against him. This rank eight Gu Immortal was not a simple person and might retaliate if not handled properly.</p> 
<p>Fortunately, Fang Yuan had already chosen to support Chi clan in preparation for the future.</p> 
<p>Chi clan obtained dream path research results from the transactions, this gave Chi Qu You pleasure amidst the pain: Since he had already made a terrible blunder by agreeing to this exchange, why not just continue with it?</p> 
<p>Chi Qu You did not want to take a risk, but because Fang Yuan led him on this path, he could only clench his teeth and continue walking towards the abyss.</p> 
<p>In his free time, Fang Yuan soul searched those Gu Immortal souls.</p> 
<p>Although he had done this in his previous life, he still did it again in this life because he wanted to look into something.</p> 
<p>That was the ink effect.</p> 
<p>Compare to the previous life, the subtle differences in this life made Fang Yuan think deeply.</p> 
<p>An indescribably mysterious feeling had been lingering in his mind.</p> 
<p>"Is this fate?" Fang Yuan felt like he had touched a strand of the web weaved by fate Gu.</p> 
<p>He gradually felt a strong premonition: "If I continue researching this, my understanding of fate will become increasingly deeper. This is the best way to comprehend fate."</p> 
<p>"After gathering more clues from a few more rebirths and making deductions, I might be able to conceive a mortal killer move that has the effect of fate."</p> 
<p>"If I merge it with the profundities of luck path... that will be destiny huh..." Fang Yuan's mind jolted slightly and his eyes shined with bright light.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge was stationed in Embroidered Tower.</p> 
<p>This small pavilion was adorned with beautiful decorations, its walls were red and its tiles were made of jade, looking exquisite and beautiful, but it lacked part of its foundational support; one could clearly see the traces of destruction on the Immortal Gu House.</p> 
<p>In the sky above Embroidered Tower were three pieces of bloody skins directly sewn to the air that were still letting out traces of primal savagery.</p> 
<p>Back then when Reckless Savage Demon Venerable invaded Heavenly Court, he was stopped by Embroidered Tower. In the end, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable destroyed half of Embroidered Tower, which was still unable to be repaired by Heavenly Court, but he also left three pieces of bloody skins behind.</p> 
<p>Ever since the defeat in Lang Ya blessed land, Feng Jiu Ge had been immersed in a deep state of comprehension.</p> 
<p>He did not cultivate transformation path, but he came here purposely to comprehend a trace of 'transformation' from these three bloody skins.</p> 
<p>This transformation was a kind of concept, it was the transformation of destiny, it was the injury of Reckless Savage Demon Venerable.</p> 
<p>Reckless Savage Demon Venerable was strong while Embroidered Tower was weak, but the strong was forced to discard three pieces of skin by the weak, this was an unexpected change.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court failed when invading Lang Ya blessed land, Southern Border Gu Immortals chased Fang Yuan but were captured instead, these were also similar kinds of unexpected changes.</p> 
<p>This series of changes and transformations kept on resonating with depths of Feng Jiu Ge's soul!</p> 
<p>The deep state of comprehension gradually entered an optimal condition.</p> 
<p>Feng Jiu Ge's lips curled up into a smile: "It seems that my next song will be — Destiny Song."</p>
    </body>
</html>
