<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1103: Chaos in Northern Plains</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1103: Chaos in Northern Plains</h1>
        
        <p>The sun was setting, there was beautiful light in the horizon, it was blazing like fire, showing a scenic view.</p> 
<p>A light wind was blowing, the golden wheat fields were swaying along.</p> 
<p>"This is the wheat field that Hei tribe cultivates with great care, it is truly huge and majestic." Gu Immortal Lu Qing Ming floated in the air as he looked down, saying plainly.</p> 
<p>Hei tribe had planted a huge amount of wheat here.</p> 
<p>This wheat was known as the golden wheat, it matured once every two years, but it was not meant to be consumed by humans, it was a type of metal, called metal essence.</p> 
<p>This place was originally a barren desolate land. Because it had too high of a mineral content, even causing the formation of mines, no plants would grow here.</p> 
<p>Hei tribe planted this golden wheat, making use of it to excavate the resources here, they had put in a lot of time and effort for the project. Thus, this wheat field forming an immense area was created. Even though Lu Qing Ming was in the air now, he could not see the borders of this field.</p> 
<p>There was another person beside Lu Qing Ming.</p> 
<p>His name was Su Guang, a light path Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>He looked at the wheat field below him passionately: "Hei tribe's wheat field is famous in Northern Plains. Every time it is harvested, at least five hundred thousand kilograms of metal essence is obtained. The metal essence is a huge source of revenue in Hei tribe. Even though the metal essence is a rank five mortal material, we have little use for it, but it can be sold in bulk for a good price."</p> 
<p>Lu Qing Ming smiled before nodding: "It is worth taking."</p> 
<p>"I would urge you both to not be foolish, my Guan tribe is taking this." A figure appeared along with the voice, standing in front of Lu Qing Ming and Su Guang.</p> 
<p>He had a stern expression, he was emitting strong battle intent, the third eye on his forehead was very eye-catching.</p> 
<p>Lu Qing Ming and Su Guang looked at each other, reaching a consensus.</p> 
<p>They had sensed that there were other Gu Immortals' auras here, they spoke earlier without taking physical action in order to lure out the Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>"So it is Guan Shen Zhao of Guan tribe." Lu Qing Ming said politely.</p> 
<p>"The Traveling Three Elites, I have heard of you. But after Dong Fang Chang Fan's incident, Gu Immortal Han Dong is already dead. If you try to act forcefully, I am afraid the Traveling Three Elites would be completely wiped out today." Guan Shen Zhao was not polite at all.</p> 
<p>He was a Guan tribe Gu Immortal, Guan tribe was a super force, part of the Huang Jin family, he had enough confidence.</p> 
<p>Su Guang laughed: "You are in the righteous path, while us brothers are in the demonic path. Righteous and demonic are opposing sides, will we retreat now? We have to fight and determine the winner!"</p> 
<p>Guan Shen Zhao snorted coldly, attacking directly.</p> 
<p>At once, immortal aura rampaged, light burst out, the two sides engaged in fierce combat in the sky.</p> 
<p>...</p> 
<p>Two figures, one big and one small, were flying parallel to the ground.</p> 
<p>"Grandfather, where are we going?" The smaller one was only a teenager in appearance, he asked with an expression of curiosity.</p> 
<p>"Hehe, my dear grandson, we are going to Gushing Spring Forest. Do you know about it?" The larger one was an old looking Gu Immortal, he wore a yellow robe, his huge sleeves were fluttering in the wind.</p> 
<p>The youngster's eyes moved about: "Gushing Spring Forest is a forest of water pillars formed from underground geysers. It is said that there are countless water path and earth path Gu worms there, it is a precious territory of Hei tribe."</p> 
<p>"Good, I did not teach you in vain. Dear grandson, don't you cultivate water path? We are going to Gushing Spring Forest now, let's see if there are any water path mortal Gu that you want. If we are lucky, we might even obtain some of the springs, we can place them in my immortal aperture, when you becoming an immortal, I will transfer these resources to you." The old Gu Immortal said.</p> 
<p>The youngster showed a look of gratitude, he asked worriedly: "Grandfather, you are only a bottom tier rank six Gu Immortal. What if you die after entering Hei tribe's territory?"</p> 
<p>The youngster spoke without restraint, the old Gu Immortal was not angry, he laughed as he explained to his grandson: "More than ten days ago, Hei tribe's Gu Immortals had already gone back to their headquarters. Right now, Hei tribe's other territories are unoccupied."</p> 
<p>"Hei tribe's Gu Immortals are not around, but what about other Gu Immortals? Didn't we hear that those old demons like Pi Shui Han are also getting involved?" The youngster was still worried.</p> 
<p>"You don't understand." The old Gu Immortal was confident: "Even though Gushing Spring Forest is an important territory, compared to the others, it is still inferior. Experts like Pi Shui Han would not want to come here."</p> 
<p>"The closest super forces near Hei tribe are Liu tribe, Guan tribe, and Yao tribe. We cannot snatch the resources of territories near these tribes. Those close to Hei tribe's headquarters are also untouchable. Those important treasures are for these experts to fight over, even if we watch from afar, we will be in danger. Considering this, Gushing Spring Forest is the safest and wisest choice for us."</p> 
<p>"So that's it." The youngster realized.</p> 
<p>The sound of wind was loud, the two got closer to Gushing Spring Forest.</p> 
<p>Suddenly, the old Gu Immortal's expression changed, he heard the sound of intense battle.</p> 
<p>"Oh no." The old Gu Immortal's expression sank, he quickly flew into the air.</p> 
<p>At this moment, the sun was high in the sky, sending down blazing rays of light.</p> 
<p>Gushing Spring Forest could be seen by the grandfather and grandson, but the place was a chaotic mess.</p> 
<p>The tranquil Gushing Spring Forest had been ravaged, it was in disarray.</p> 
<p>Spring water was spraying everywhere, explosions were occurring constantly.</p> 
<p>Looking over it, there were nearly ten Gu Immortals in battle.</p> 
<p>At once, the two looked at each other bitterly.</p> 
<p>They could tell, others had the same plan as them. There were many wise bottom tier Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>...</p> 
<p>In the sky, dark clouds were looming, rain was drizzling.</p> 
<p>Two groups were facing each other in the sky of this ordinary plain.</p> 
<p>Guan tribe and Liu tribe.</p> 
<p>Guan tribe had three Gu Immortals, while Liu tribe had two.</p> 
<p>The atmosphere was not heavy, the leaders of the two sides were talking warmly.</p> 
<p>If not for the weather, they might even look like they were having a tea party.</p> 
<p>"Lord third supreme elder, we have the advantage, why don't we strike and occupy this place?" Over at Guan tribe, Gu Immortal Guan Shen Zhao could not stand the frustration, he transmitted this.</p> 
<p>Guan tribe's third supreme elder was talking with the other party, but he also transmitted to Guan Shen Zhao: "You are foolish! Have you forgotten the lesson a few days ago? By attacking rashly, you caused a bigger chaos, we could not defend the golden wheat field, other demonic path Gu Immortals snatched it."</p> 
<p>"A fragment of immemorial red heaven is hidden in this place, it is very important. Who knows how many people are aiming at this location. But my Guan tribe and even Liu tribe each can be considered to have half the local territorial advantage, thus, we are on the surface the two competing for it."</p> 
<p>"At this moment, we cannot act rashly and attack without reason. once we do, we would lose control of the situation, outsiders would come in to steal the fruits of our labor!"</p> 
<p>Guan Shen Zhao was scolded severely, he showed shame on his face as he transmitted: "Lord, you are right, I was too rash."</p> 
<p>...</p> 
<p>Eastern Sea, on a common island.</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie, Shi Nu, Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, all four of them appeared.</p> 
<p>"This is the island." Ying Wu Xie looked around, letting out a breath of air.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, this is the turbulent flow sea area?" Tai Bai Yun Sheng guessed, he had once roamed in Eastern Sea, he could differentiate the locations of Eastern Sea.</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie smiled: "That's right, master had given me information about this secret base, we can rest and recover here."</p> 
<p>Currently, he was still using Fang Yuan's identity to deceive Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>Among these four Gu Immortals, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was the only one who was unaware of the truth.</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie willed, after a while, he waved his hand, saying: "Follow me."</p> 
<p>Immediately, a certain arrangement was activated in this place.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan and the others' field of vision changed, when they regained their senses, they were already under the island.</p> 
<p>This place was a hollow that was previously dug out, a beautiful five floored palace was right in front of them.</p> 
<p>"This is an Immortal Gu House?!" Hei Lou Lan was shocked, Shadow Sect was a huge force, there were arrangements in all five regions. Even though Yi Tian Mountain was a failure, the remaining forces were not to be underestimated!</p> 
<p>But what happened next was more shocking to her.</p> 
<p>The three immortals followed Ying Wu Xie, going inside the palace.</p> 
<p>The palace doors opened on its own, it recognized Ying Wu Xie's identity and welcomed the owner.</p> 
<p>"This is?"</p> 
<p>"So many Immortal Gu!"</p> 
<p>Once they entered the palace, Shi Nu and Tai Bai Yun Sheng could not help but cry out.</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie explained while smiling: "The turbulent flow sea area is a hugely advantageous location, it has a collection of the world's currents running through here, among them is a tributary of the River of Time. Thus, even though this is not a blessed land or grotto-heaven, it is a rare place to store treasure in the five regions."</p> 
<p>"My Shadow Sect had already found out this tributary of the River of Time long ago, we made this arrangement on the island. We dug out the island's interior and put an Immortal Gu House here, drawing strength from the River of Time to refine Gu. Thus, once in a while, Immortal Gu refine themselves."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng had a guess already, he could not help but ask: "Don't tell me, this Immortal Gu House is the legendary Regret Pool?"</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie nodded before shaking his head: "This is only most of Regret Pool, even though we have Regret Pool's greatest ability, the Gu refinement aspect, its attack and defense are horrible. Once it is placed, it cannot be moved."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard this and was shaking from excitement: "There are three great pools in this world, Heavenly Pool, Regret Pool, and Wine Pool, they are famous in the history of the five regions. To think that I can get to see Regret Pool today!"</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan was less well informed, she had less information regarding time path compared to Tai Bai Yun Sheng, she asked: "Refining Immortal Gu is extremely difficult, this Regret Pool is only an Immortal Gu House, it can refine so many Immortal Gu by itself?"</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie smiled and explained: "Regret Pool is a time path Immortal Gu House, its Gu refinement ability is both amazing and weak. When Shadow Sect's Gu Immortals refine Immortal Gu successfully here, we will leave an insignia behind. When the Immortal Gu is destroyed, Regret Pool can be activated, using the power of the tributary of the River of Time and the preserved insignia to refine the Immortal Gu again, the success rate is about fifty to sixty percent."</p> 
<p>"Fifty to sixty percent?!" Hei Lou Lan was shocked by the extremely high chance of success.</p> 
<p>"There are flaws too. After succeeding in the Gu refinement, the insignia would vanish, Gu Immortals have to replenish it themselves. And if not for this hidden tributary of the River of Time, it would be too hard to activate this effect, it cannot be used much." Ying Wu Xie added.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan still had shock on her face, she looked at the Immortal Gu in front of her as she sighed, deeply moved: "Even so, it is very strong."</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie laughed as he raised his head: "We are in a dangerous situation, you have all lost your Immortal Gu. The Immortal Gu here are compensation, pick what you want!"</p>
    </body>
</html>
