<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1324: Fang Yuan&apos;s Two Trump Cards</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1324: Fang Yuan&apos;s Two Trump Cards</h1>
        
        <p>Although Tu Shi Cheng was the father of this boy that Fang Yuan was disguised as, he was completely unreliable.</p> 
<p>What did he mean by rely on feelings?</p> 
<p>Innate talents could not be embodied like this.</p> 
<p>If the construction of the Gu formation failed, in a minor case, the Gu worms would be injured or destroyed, and in a severe case, the Gu Master themselves would suffer the backlash. If one could create a Gu formation just by relying on feelings, formation path Gu Immortals would not be so rare in the present five regions.</p> 
<p>Arranging a Gu formation was a precise and rigorous task, like deducing Immortal Gu recipes. They both were similar, requiring a process, detailed consideration and continuous tests.</p> 
<p>However, since the dream realm was like this, Fang Yuan calmed his mind, and continued to ponder how he should tackle this situation where it seemed he truly had to do it in the way Tu Shi Cheng said.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan asked: "Do I need to use all the four Gu worms?"</p> 
<p>"Of course not. But you need to at least select two to set up a Gu formation." Tu Shi Cheng replied.</p> 
<p>"I simply don't know about this earth path Gu worm, so it will be better to give it up." Fang Yuan continued to think, as such, he had three choices in front of him.</p> 
<p>"Hurry up, don't think too much, rely on your feelings!" Just as Fang Yuan had spent slightly longer in thinking, Tu Shi Cheng's expression sank a little, urging: "I will give you three breaths of time."</p> 
<p>Three breaths of time?</p> 
<p>And there was only one chance!</p> 
<p>Wasn't he purposely making it difficult?</p> 
<p>A thought flashed past Fang Yuan's mind: "Do I need to use unravel dream?"</p> 
<p>His current accumulation was already different from the past. Last time, when he explored the giant dream realm, he had limited quantities of dream path mortal Gu, which led to a limited number of times that unravel dream could be used, Fang Yuan had to be very efficient when using it.</p> 
<p>But it was different now.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had enough confidence.</p> 
<p>Because he had captured many nightmare demonic colts, using these natural dream path immortal materials along with his persistent refinement, he now possessed very many dream path mortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Thus, the number of times he could use unravel dream was at a peak now.</p> 
<p>Precisely because of this, Fang Yuan had an unprecedented amount of confidence.</p> 
<p>"Forget it. This is only the first layer of the dream realm, even if it fails, I can continue to explore. Although I can use unravel dream much more now, I cannot waste it like this."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought for a moment and gave up on using unravel dream.</p> 
<p>He began to activate the Gu worms.</p> 
<p>First was formation heart Gu.</p> 
<p>This yellow ladybug was already refined by him, his primeval essence was consumed, it immediately hovered and stopped in front of Fang Yuan, shining with pale yellow light.</p> 
<p>"Fire path, water path, wind path..."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan mumbled, since he had given up on the earth path Gu worm, then he only had these three choices remaining.</p> 
<p>He chose the rank one water path Gu worm.</p> 
<p>The reason for this choice was simple, his fire path and wind path attainment levels were ordinary, but in water path, he was a grandmaster!</p> 
<p>Grandmaster attainment was not for show.</p> 
<p>The water path Gu worm was successfully activated, it was bathed in the yellow light and revolved around the formation heart Gu, flying up and down.</p> 
<p>"Fire path and wind path..."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan chose wind path.</p> 
<p>The wind path Gu worm also mixed in, and like the water path Gu worm, it flew around the formation heart Gu. It was just that the wind path Gu worm was in the periphery, while the water path Gu worm was nearer to the formation heart Gu.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan waited for a bit. Among these three Gu worms, one was hovering in the air while the other two were continuously flying around, they were all activated but were still extremely stable.</p> 
<p>"Although they have not formed a true Gu formation, this progress is quite good." Fang Yuan was slightly pleased.</p> 
<p>To use an analogy, arranging a Gu formation was like building blocks.</p> 
<p>Each Gu worm was a strangely shaped building block, the Gu Master needed to arrange these building blocks into the shape they wanted. These scattered building blocks would form high towers, buildings and other shapes, creating an effect that far surpassed the individual building block.</p> 
<p>Although Fang Yuan had not successfully arranged these building blocks into a shape, these three Gu worms were at least mutually compatible and did not collapse.</p> 
<p>This was quite good progress.</p> 
<p>However, a trace of gloominess and disappointment flashed past Tu Shi Cheng's eyes.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan, who was focused on setting up the Gu formation, did not notice it.</p> 
<p>"Now, I need to adjust it."</p> 
<p>"Does the formation heart Gu need to stay in the center?"</p> 
<p>"Can the positions of the water path and wind path Gu be swapped? Water path inside, and wind path outside, can I adjust it to water path outside, and wind path inside?"</p> 
<p>"Or maybe, the water path Gu and the wind path Gu can be together, should I let the wind path Gu revolve around the water path Gu instead of the formation heart Gu?"</p> 
<p>As Fang Yuan pondered, all kinds of plans emerged in his mind.</p> 
<p>He did not know what results these plans could give, or what effects would they have.</p> 
<p>His formation path attainment was truly too lacking.</p> 
<p>"Rely on your feelings, stop hesitating." Tu Shi Cheng urged, looking somewhat impatient.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, actually, he didn't need Tu Shi Cheng's urging, he also knew he had to take action.</p> 
<p>If nothing else, his primeval essence was about to dry up.</p> 
<p>In the dream realm, he had just become a Gu Master, although he had A grade aptitude, he was activating three Gu worms at the same time, which intensely burdened on his primeval essence.</p> 
<p>He already did not have much time to think.</p> 
<p>"Let's give it a try then." Fang Yuan inwardly gritted his teeth, as he activated the fire path Gu worm as well, putting it inside the newly created structure.</p> 
<p>He made no changes to the previous foundation.</p> 
<p>Because he did not know what use making changes would have, and also did not know if there was a need to make changes.</p> 
<p>He was a pure beginner with no feeling for the right action, the attempt was done blindly.</p> 
<p>"But my luck is good, maybe I can succeed by chance?" Fang Yuan still had some hope.</p> 
<p>But soon, his hope was ruined.</p> 
<p>The moment the fire path Gu worm was added in, it immediately led to a chain reaction.</p> 
<p>The fire path Gu's strength joined with the wind path Gu, immediately increasing the power. This immediately conflicted with the water path Gu that was inside, water and fire were opposing forces, immediately creating an explosion.</p> 
<p>A soft explosion echoed, it was not intense, but it still exploded, covering Fang Yuan's face with black soot.</p> 
<p>His hair stood up on end, white smoke was rising.</p> 
<p>At the same time, the formation heart Gu was directly destroyed, the other three Gu worms were also injured to various degrees; the water path and fire path Gu worms were on the verge of death, while the wind path Gu worm was also heavily injured.</p> 
<p>"You have failed!" Tu Shi Cheng's expression changed, he said with a cold tone: "You truly disappoint me."</p> 
<p>Guh.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's vision changed as he was expelled out of the dream realm.</p> 
<p>The first exploration had failed.</p> 
<p>His soul returned to his body, his body slightly shook, his healthy complexion suddenly paled.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan immediately inspected his injuries, and found that the injury to his soul was much more severe than he expected.</p> 
<p>But it did not matter.</p> 
<p>Guts Gu!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan took out a guts Gu and crushed it, the injuries of his soul were immediately relieved greatly. Fang Yuan used another guts Gu, and immediately his soul injuries were completely healed.</p> 
<p>The slight sense of vertigo had disappeared at once.</p> 
<p>Because he had guts Gu, Fang Yuan was not afraid of failing in his dream realm exploration and his soul being injured.</p> 
<p>"Right now, I should be the first person to explore the dream realm. Even Shadow Sect's remnant forces won't be able to catch up to me." Fang Yuan calculated.</p> 
<p>This was because he had two great trump cards to explore dream realms.</p> 
<p>First was guts Gu, it could heal soul injuries.</p> 
<p>Second was unravel dream. Once used, it would get one straight to solving the problem, its usefulness was somewhat unreasonable.</p> 
<p>Guts Gu came from Dang Hun Mountain, Fang Yuan had placed Dang Hun Mountain in Lang Ya blessed land, and was even cooperating with Lang Ya Sect in trading guts Gu.</p> 
<p>They had a monopoly on guts Gu business, they were the only ones producing it, and its demand was always higher than its supply.</p> 
<p>Recently, Fang Yuan had not been selling his portion of the guts Gu for profit, instead, he was accumulating them.</p> 
<p>He had a single objective, to be fully prepared in exploring the dream realm.</p> 
<p>Thus, he had large numbers of guts Gu with him. Because of this, he was short on money, and had no choice but to expand the scale of some of his resources to improve his finances.</p> 
<p>The first failure did not matter.</p> 
<p>With guts Gu, Fang Yuan's soul immediately recovered, and could go for a second exploration.</p> 
<p>But he was not hurried, instead using connecting heaven Gu to let his divine sense enter treasure yellow heaven.</p> 
<p>He began to gather information.</p> 
<p>First was that earth path mortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not recognize it, so he needed to understand it.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan soon bought a set of \&lt;\&lt;The Encyclopedia of Earth Path Gu Worms\&gt;\&gt; from an earth path Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>This was an information transaction and was among the businesses in treasure yellow heaven.</p> 
<p>There were transactions of methods to target against Gu worms, there were introductions and understandings of Gu paths, there was news of the present political situation, there were also deductions of time path and wisdom path Gu Immortals on the past, present and future.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan naturally could rely on his five hundred years of experiences to sell information that could definitely attract people.</p> 
<p>But this kind of information was normally very cheap, and not long after selling them, Fang Yuan's rebirth advantage would weaken, so Fang Yuan had never even considered it.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was not satisfied with just this Gu Immortal's work, \&lt;\&lt;The Encyclopedia of Earth Path Gu Worms\&gt;\&gt;, and bought some relevant information, naturally including some mortal formation path inheritances.</p> 
<p>These cost him close to ten immortal essence stones.</p> 
<p>To Fang Yuan, this was just peanuts.</p> 
<p>He soon learned of that earth path mortal Gu from the information he bought. This was a Gu worm that appeared in the early stages of the Late Antiquity Era. It was soon extinct, because the Gu materials required to refine it had been wiped out. The information recorded briefly introduced this earth path Gu worm's ability. Fang Yuan even obtained the recipe of this earth path mortal Gu from another information source.</p>
    </body>
</html>
