<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1938: Heavenly Court&apos;s Crisis</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1938: Heavenly Court&apos;s Crisis</h1>
        
        <p>The transportation formation's self-detonation shook all the surroundings as Heavenly Court's battlefield froze for a moment.</p> 
<p>Next, Northern Plains' immortals erupted with cheers and caused a huge commotion.</p> 
<p>"Zi Wei!" Qin Ding Ling turned pale with shock as she turned into a flash of light, saving Fairy Zi Wei from the rubble of the transportation formation.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei had fainted, she was in poor shape, Qin Ding Ling needed to save her immediately.</p> 
<p>Qin Ding Ling had no hesitation, she immediately retreated, no longer assisting Duke Long in battle. She knew her limits, she was not very useful for Duke Long, while Fairy Zi Wei was the strategist of Heavenly Court, she was vital and could not be lost.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan wanted to use this chance to kill Fairy Zi Wei of course, but Duke Long blocked his advancement each time.</p> 
<p>Undeniably, Duke Long's modified qi wall was very strong, it got past the immobile weakness of the primordial qi wall, it was agile and durable. After Duke Long used this move, even Fang Yuan's Myriad Year Flying Warship could not break through it.</p> 
<p>Within the qi wall, Duke Long had a grim expression, he treated Fang Yuan as the greatest enemy of his life, the disdain and contempt he showed earlier were completely gone.</p> 
<p>Only until Fang Yuan destroyed the transportation formation did Duke Long realize: Fang Yuan's myriad self killer move earlier was just a distraction, it was intended to stall for time.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's true method was waiting all along in the dark, once used, it caused a huge impact!</p> 
<p>"Why does Fang Yuan have the method to break the formation so coincidentally?"</p> 
<p>Duke Long knew that Fang Yuan was able to break the qi wall earlier because of his rebirth. But this transportation formation was definitely out of Fang Yuan's expectations, he was troubled by it earlier after all, if he had seen it in a previous life, he would have been prepared against it.</p> 
<p>"This means that Fang Yuan deduced the method to break the killer move during battle? How can that be possible?" Duke Long was perplexed.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court made such an arrangement, they naturally guarded against Fang Yuan, they knew about his wisdom path attainment.</p> 
<p>With Fang Yuan's foundation, he would need a lot of time to unravel this transportation formation.</p> 
<p>Speaking of which, this was quite a coincidence.</p> 
<p>When Fang Yuan explored the Dragon Whale Paradise, he had obtained the falling star rod tree from Shen Cong Sheng.</p> 
<p>The growth conditions of this immemorial desolate plant were still a mystery as it had been extraordinarily rare and low in quantity since ancient times.</p> 
<p>It had the unique trait of constantly attracting stars, falling into the trunk of the tree and turning into a single star mark. That was why it was called falling star.</p> 
<p>According to rumors, one of the motives that Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable had when he traveled the world alone was to collect this tree.</p> 
<p>The value of the falling star rod tree did not just lie in itself.</p> 
<p>By planting it in the immortal aperture, the Gu Immortal could use it to create an entire system of orbiting stars. It was a unique ecology that brought incremental gains every year, and the total amount of gains over time, day after day, year after year, was almost impossible to estimate.</p> 
<p>Without this tree, even if Fang Yuan knew about the falling star rod tree, he could not transform into it. But after obtaining it, he observed and studied it, gaining the falling star rod tree transformation.</p> 
<p>Other than the rod tree transformation, Fang Yuan also had Dong Fang Chang Fan's myriad star fireflies, and Ye Lui Qun Xing's leading countless stars killer move. These were all loot he gained in the past.</p> 
<p>Leading countless stars was exceptional. It used the star fragments primarily and expended little immortal essence. Using the attractive force of star fragments, it could generate starlight magnetic force to continue manipulating stars. The more stars there were, the stronger this move would be.</p> 
<p>Back then during the Northern Plains battle, Ye Lui Qun Xing used this move and was virtually unstoppable.</p> 
<p>The killer move leading countless stars was targeted against stars and made use of them. On top of that foundation, Fang Yuan also had star path and formation path grandmaster attainment level, as well as the light of wisdom. By modifying the killer move in battle, he was able to achieve amazing results.</p> 
<p>Duke Long was very shocked that he could destroy the transportation formation.</p> 
<p>In Duke Long's eyes, Fang Yuan started to become unfathomable.</p> 
<p>On Myriad Year Flying Warship, Fang Yuan dispelled falling star rod tree transformation and returned to his human form.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Myriad Self!</p> 
<p>Bam bam bam...</p> 
<p>A vast number of Fang Yuan's clones appeared again, filling the sky, they were like fireflies that spread out to the surroundings.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court felt a little troubled, in this battle, they were suffering from a lack of manpower.</p> 
<p>Even though Star Constellation's will awakened many Heavenly Court rank eights earlier, because the transportation formation was destroyed, they were all stuck in Hairy Foot Mountain now.</p> 
<p>"Troops far away cannot salvage the situation!" Duke Long sighed, he had no choice but to use a method.</p> 
<p>Qi path immortal killer move — Qi Engulfing Mountains and Rivers!</p> 
<p>At that instant, an unparalleled force descended from the sky, pressing down on the entire place.</p> 
<p>The world became still, nothing was left unaffected.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's clones were all destroyed, Calamity Luck Altar was forced to the ground, resisting stubbornly with creaking sounds. The Heavenly Court Immortal Gu Houses within the range of this killer move were even more badly affected, they were directly destroyed as the place turned into ruins.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and Myriad Year Flying Warship were not spared either, they were enveloped by qi engulfing mountains and rivers, the warship's speed fell as it rapidly descended from the sky while bearing the weight of mountains and rivers.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed loudly, instead of shock, he felt joy.</p> 
<p>Duke Long's qi engulfing mountains and rivers was quite familiar to him, in the previous life, when fighting for Dragon Palace, he had used it to claim victory.</p> 
<p>But now, Duke Long had to use this move to destroy Fang Yuan's myriad self. He was truly in a passive spot, he had to give up Heavenly Court's own Immortal Gu Houses.</p> 
<p>Immortal killer move — Immemorial Year Monkey Transformation!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan transformed again, all of his dao marks turned into one million and five hundred thousand time path dao marks.</p> 
<p>Myriad Year Flying Warship itself was a time path Immortal Gu House, it was activated by Fang Yuan with full force now, its power rose drastically, it was re-energized and shot out like a flying sword, as if qi engulfing mountains and rivers did not exist!</p> 
<p>Duke Long stared at Fang Yuan furiously, he could not catch up now, he watched as Fang Yuan charged towards the immortal graveyard.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not intend to target Heaven Overseeing Tower. Firstly, Heaven Overseeing Tower was defended by a formation now, time was needed to get in, secondly, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable's painting path method was still around, Fang Yuan was wary against it.</p> 
<p>The immortal graveyard was an important place of Heavenly Court, it was likely to have a venerable method, but Fang Yuan had to take the risk.</p> 
<p>The immortal graveyard was a huge variable, destroying it now would greatly benefit Fang Yuan and the rest!</p> 
<p>Within Imperfection Regret Pavilion.</p> 
<p>Seeing that Fang Yuan approached the immortal graveyard, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's silhouette's expression changed as she grabbed a chess piece, preparing to toss it.</p> 
<p>But at this moment, Limitless Demon Venerable's silhouette smiled lightly as he placed a piece on the chessboard.</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's silhouette stopped her action, if she tossed this chess piece, Limitless Demon Venerable would gain an absolute advantage, she would not be able to turn this game around anymore!</p> 
<p>"Limitless, you really think highly of Fang Yuan." Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's silhouette sighed, she placed the chess piece back onto the board.</p> 
<p>Next, her gaze turned sharp as blades, she said coldly: "But it is not so easy to stop me."</p> 
<p>Before she finished her words, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable made several moves at once, placing pieces on the chessboard continuously.</p> 
<p>Limitless Demon Venerable quickly followed after her, not giving her any advantage.</p> 
<p>Both sides exchanged moves, they placed over a hundred pieces in a few breaths of time, the entire chessboard was filled with pieces but the strange thing was, this chessboard seemed to have no size limit, no matter how many they placed, the chessboard could hold them!</p> 
<p>Star Constellation Immortal Venerable's silhouette was restrained by Limitless Demon Venerable, Fang Yuan managed to reach the immortal graveyard by moving straight ahead without obstacles.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan! If you do anything to it, I will make sure you die without a proper corpse!!" Duke Long was still chasing him from behind.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan smiled coldly, using strength path giant hand.</p> 
<p>Slam, his giant hand was huge but extremely fast, it slammed down rapidly.</p> 
<p>But the process of the giant hand's movement became very slow, space seemed the same but it was actually tens of thousands of li long now.</p> 
<p>At the crucial moment, someone interfered, but it was not a venerable method.</p> 
<p>"Who is it?!" Fang Yuan shouted, his eyes shined like lightning as he looked towards his left.</p> 
<p>In Fang Yuan's vision, a female immortal slowly revealed her appearance.</p> 
<p>She had a peculiar appearance, her entire body was made of wood, she wore a green dress made from vines, even though she had a human face, one could see the trunk rings on her tree bark skin, her eyes were clear as a tranquil lake.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's pupils shrunk, from her aura, this female immortal was close to Di Zang Sheng's level!</p> 
<p>"Human immortal, stop. Don't try to destroy Heavenly Court, otherwise, I, Cang Xuan Zi, will have to stop you." The female immortal spoke, her voice was gentle but contained immense determination.</p> 
<p>"Cang Xuan Zi?" Fang Yuan realized after a moment.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court had three legendary immemorial beasts, they were Shabi Ninety-five, Ruan Dan, and Cang Xuan Zi.</p> 
<p>Cang Xuan Zi was a vast heaven vine, it was a unique existence in Heavenly Court, it did not need to follow orders, but only had to provide a batch of vast heaven fruits every thousand years.</p> 
<p>In the previous life, when Longevity Heaven attacked Heavenly Court, Cang Xuan Zi watched the battle without doing anything. But to think that she would take action in this life when Fang Yuan invaded!</p> 
<p>"It seems that Cang Xuan Zi and Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable had some sort of special agreement, nobody else knows about it!" Fang Yuan snorted coldly, he mobilized Myriad Year Flying Warship to charge towards the immortal graveyard.</p> 
<p>Cang Xuan Zi sighed, she turned into a green light and blocked Myriad Year Flying Warship.</p> 
<p>With a loud sound, Myriad Year Flying Warship crashed into Cang Xuan Zi's body, its momentum was halted while Cang Xuan Zi was sent flying away.</p> 
<p>She spat out a mouthful of green blood, but she continued to attack Myriad Year Flying Warship.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, your life is mine!" At this moment, Duke Long arrived, he opened his mouth and bore his fangs, turning into blades that slashed at Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Instantly, Fang Yuan became trapped from the front and back.</p> 
<p>He was not flustered, he first pointed at Duke Long to use spring scissors, before pointing at Cang Xuan Zi as the Myriad Year Flying Warship below him shot out countless flying swords, they were all daybreak flying swords!</p> 
<p>Spring scissors flew out and snipped the dragon fangs, before approaching Duke Long with an unstoppable force.</p> 
<p>Duke Long had to retreat.</p> 
<p>Daybreak flying swords shot out like a waterfall towards Cang Xuan Zi, after enduring it for a few moments, Cang Xuan Zi could not hold on anymore and retreated.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan yelled, Myriad Year Flying Warship soared into the sky again, before rapidly descending towards the immortal graveyard.</p> 
<p>But distance was extended once again, an unobservable profundity was occurring around the surrounding space!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan turned around and stared at Cang Xuan Zi, saying a sentence fiercely: "You are courting death."</p> 
<p>Cang Xuan Zi was covered in sweat, she had tried her best to use the space path killer move, but she could only stall Fang Yuan temporarily.</p> 
<p>Thankfully, Duke Long was around, he attacked Fang Yuan once more but was forced to retreat yet again.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's strength suppressed both Duke Long and Cang Xuan Zi.</p> 
<p>The two sides fought for over a hundred rounds, the more they fought, the stronger Fang Yuan's aura and the more injuries gathered on the bodies of Duke Long and Cang Xuan Zi.</p> 
<p>Rumble!</p> 
<p>With a loud sound, Fang Yuan's Luo Po seal landed on Cang Xuan Zi as she screamed, his giant hand slammed Duke Long to the ground.</p> 
<p>"Duke Long, you are already old! With this aged body of yours, how long can you last?" Fang Yuan smiled coldly.</p> 
<p>"Until I die." Duke Long was filled with determination and battle intent, one of his dragon horns was broken, his dragon scales were cracked, he was covered in blood.</p> 
<p>But he would rather fight to the death!</p> 
<p>Within the refinement path formation, Northern Plains' past generation experts surrounded Cong Yan and Che Wei.</p> 
<p>"Kill, kill them both!"</p> 
<p>"They are already at their limit."</p> 
<p>"How can merely two people stop us? Hmph, they are overestimating themselves!"</p> 
<p>Northern Plains' immortals were ready to attack, killing intent surged and filled the entire space.</p> 
<p>Che Wei and Cong Yan were covered in blood, as long as they stood at the same spot for a few seconds, a pool of blood would gather below them.</p> 
<p>"It seems that we are going to die here."</p> 
<p>"Hehehe, then we will die. Even if we die, we will use our lives to get as much time as we can for Yuan Qiong Du."</p> 
<p>The two looked at each other, they smiled with the determination to die.</p> 
<p>"Come, this is our final battle!" As the weaker side, they shouted even louder than the Northern Plains immortals.</p> 
<p>The Northern Plains immortals' expressions changed.</p> 
<p>"These are two respectable opponents."</p> 
<p>"I will use my strongest killer move to send you off, this is my respect towards you both!"</p> 
<p>Boom boom boom!</p> 
<p>Intense battle erupted once again.</p> 
<p>Emperor City.</p> 
<p>Countless gazes were heatedly locked onto the final competition grounds.</p> 
<p>Most of the Gu Masters had failed, they all left the stage.</p> 
<p>There were only two people left, one was Ye Fan, the other was Hong Yi. The final victor would be either one of these two!</p> 
<p>"The competition is ending, our mission to defend is about to succeed!"</p> 
<p>"Persevere, everyone!!"</p> 
<p>Central Continent's troops cheered in advance.</p> 
<p>"What do we do?" Thousand Transformations Ancestor could not take them down, he started to feel anxious.</p> 
<p>Fang Di Chang was silent but he snorted coldly in his heart: "You are all too naive, so what if we are blocked? Hahaha, it has finally arrived!"</p> 
<p>At this precise moment, the ground cracked open, the earth shook as a huge Earth Trench appeared, the terrifying crack expanded towards Emperor City!</p> 
<p>"What is happening?"</p> 
<p>"An Earth Trench! Damn it, Emperor City is in the path of the Earth Trench."</p> 
<p>"Quick, save the people!!"</p> 
<p>Central Continent's troops were flustered, they wanted to salvage the situation. But Fang Di Chang was prepared from the start, he manipulated Divine Bean Palace and charged out to block the Central Continent troops.</p> 
<p>Central Continent's Gu Immortals had no choice but to block Divine Bean Palace in a panic, they did not have the strength to save the mortals in Emperor City.</p> 
<p>"We are doomed!"</p> 
<p>"Who can save us?"</p> 
<p>"No, we cannot give up hope!"</p> 
<p>Emperor City was in complete chaos.</p> 
<p>River of Time.</p> 
<p>The river water moved in waves, Feng Jiu Ge stood in a time path Immortal Gu House as he pondered with his eyes closed, he was quietly comprehending.</p> 
<p>Suddenly, his eyes opened, his expression was of utter shock.</p> 
<p>A stone lotus island slowly appeared in Feng Jiu Ge's vision.</p> 
<p>"This is..." At this instance, Feng Jiu Ge thought of the words Qin Ding Ling said before he left —</p> 
<p>"I observed your luck for you, it shows that your fortuitous encounter is in the River of Time. Go, your fortune is there, it will lead you to great accomplishments! You originally wanted to go to the River of Time and increase your comprehension to complete destiny song, this is a wise decision, it cannot go wrong."</p> 
<p>"Don't tell me, this is my fortuitous encounter?" Feng Jiu Ge restrained the shock in his mind as he entered the stone lotus island.</p>
    </body>
</html>
