<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1065: Refining Change Form Immortal Gu Again</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1065: Refining Change Form Immortal Gu Again</h1>
        
        <p>Lang Ya blessed land, a few days later.</p> 
<p>"This is the interior rain." Lang Ya land spirit said as he landed a basin of water to Fang Yuan, letting him look.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan stretched out his arm to receive it.</p> 
<p>"Be careful." Lang Ya land spirit instructed: "This rank six immortal material is very special, it is quite 'heavy'."</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit placed a lot of emphasis on the word 'heavy'.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan nodded: "Don't worry, I have heard of this immortal material."</p> 
<p>Saying this, Fang Yuan took this immortal material.</p> 
<p>Suddenly, he felt a strong gravitational pull.</p> 
<p>Looking over at it, the water in the basin was clear and transparent, it had traces of green in it. Fang Yuan was holding it stably, but the water surface had ripples for some reason, like the surface was being struck by rain.</p> 
<p>This was the rank six immortal material interior rain!</p> 
<p>This type of rainwater was very unique, it contained dao marks, its actual weight was not high, but it brought a type of burden to the life form holding it.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit emphasized on 'heavy', he was not talking about weight, he was talking about its psychological burden.</p> 
<p>"Have you really decided to use the third and final opportunity to ask me to refine Gu? Not to refine Fixed Immortal Travel, but to refine change form Immortal Gu instead?" While Fang Yuan was looking at the immortal material in the basin, Lang Ya land spirit asked again.</p> 
<p>"Yes, I have decided, I won't change it again!" Fang Yuan nodded, he replied firmly without hesitation.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had thought about it deeply, he had made up his mind to cultivate transformation path.</p> 
<p>Fixed Immortal Travel was good, but firstly, the most crucial material, light of the immemorial era, was missing, secondly, Fang Yuan was not certain that it had been destroyed, and finally, change form Immortal Gu had greater importance to Fang Yuan at present.</p> 
<p>Thus, Fang Yuan changed his mind and used the final opportunity to try and refine change form Immortal Gu!</p> 
<p>Immortal Gu were unique, change form Immortal Gu was the essence of transformation path itself!</p> 
<p>This Immortal Gu was famous in history, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable had used it and refined it to rank nine.</p> 
<p>But after Reckless Savage Demon Venerable died, the rank nine change form Immortal Gu was destroyed as well. From then on, people would refine it again starting from rank six.</p> 
<p>In terms of foundation, transformation path was much deeper than sword path and blood path. After Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, there were many Gu Immortal experts in transformation path, these people were like bright stars in the sky, they had left a deep mark in the long history of the world, they were talented and legendary, future generations revered and looked up to them.</p> 
<p>Change form Immortal Gu had been a key element, it had also risen and fallen with these experts. Change form Immortal Gu had been destroyed dozens of times, and refined again by others. Under most situations, it was rank six. Rank seven change form Immortal Gu appeared scarcely in history. As for rank eight change form Immortal Gu, it was even rarer, almost countable with two hands.</p> 
<p>The higher the rank of the Immortal Gu, the harder it was to refine. And together with the lower chances of success, the refinement materials were also more expensive. For instance, Old Ancestor Xue Hu, to refine rank eight Immortal Gu Fortune Rivalling Heaven, had spent almost all of his savings, and even ordered Snowy Mountain blessed land's Gu Immortals to find immortal materials for him. From this, one could see the terrifying cost of refining a rank eight Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Thankfully, Fang Yuan was only trying to refine rank six change form Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>He had the Immortal Gu recipe, and there was little chance of change form Immortal Gu being refined by others.</p> 
<p>The immortal materials were mostly prepared, this was thanks to Lang Ya blessed land's huge immortal material inventory, and Fang Yuan did not have to pay for them at all.</p> 
<p>Because of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Long Hair Ancestor's agreement, Lang Ya land spirit would refine Gu for Fang Yuan three times. Mortal Gu were guaranteed, but Immortal Gu were not.</p> 
<p>This was the third and final time.</p> 
<p>"It is a pity. Back then you had the success dao mark, refining change form Immortal Gu would have been a guaranteed success. Why did you rebirth at that crucial moment?" Lang Ya land spirit thought back and felt it was greatly regretful.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had informed Lang Ya land spirit of many things honestly. After all, secrets like his rebirth were already exposed, even if Lang Ya land spirit did not know, he could obtain information from the outside world.</p> 
<p>"At that time, I was used by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, but even now, thinking back to it, it is still very suspicious." Fang Yuan frowned.</p> 
<p>Lang Ya land spirit shook his head: "Forget it, let's not talk about this. Even though we do not have a success dao mark, I have inherited my main body's special hairy man nature Gu refinement technique. This method can use the dao marks of heaven and earth to assist in the Gu refinement, even though calamities and tribulations occur, the advantages surpass the disadvantages."</p> 
<p>"Furthermore, my Lang Ya blessed land has used the killer move immortal tribulation tempering aperture to pass countless calamities and tribulations, there are a great number of refinement path dao marks here. Together with the effect of the remaining parts of Refinement Cauldron, there is a high chance of succeeding in refining change form Immortal Gu on the first try."</p> 
<p>"However, to make it safe, Fang Yuan, you have to participate in this refinement. You are the owner of dog shit luck Immortal Gu, using your strong luck, you can increase the chances of success. In this refinement process, interior rain is the first problem. In the following days, you have to practise with the interior rain that you have."</p> 
<p>Luck path had great effect in assisting Gu refinement.</p> 
<p>Back then, when Giant Sun Immortal Venerable worked with Long Hair Ancestor to refine Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, luck path played an important role of assistance.</p> 
<p>But when Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Long Hair Ancestor cooperated to refine space escape Immortal Gu, it could not be used. After all, theft path was inferior to luck path in terms of helping with Gu refinement.</p> 
<p>Next, Lang Ya land spirit taught Fang Yuan some of the secrets behind the hairy man nature Gu refinement technique, including some precious Gu refinement methods and many mortal killer move for Gu refinement.</p> 
<p>Of course, these were not free, Fang Yuan had to pay with his sect contribution points.</p> 
<p>Even so, Fang Yuan gladly accepted them.</p> 
<p>The current Lang Ya land spirit was inferior to the previous one in Gu refinement, but it was still Long Hair Ancestor's obsession, its refinement path attainment far surpassed Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had an amazing teacher now, many of his questions and problems in refinement path was solved. Those precious Gu refinement methods and killer moves that were long lost benefited Fang Yuan greatly. The hairy man nature Gu refinement technique was an eye-opener to Fang Yuan, he felt that if this method worked, it would be far superior to the human isolation style!</p> 
<p>Interestingly, while Fang Yuan was researching refinement path, his brother was also researching refinement path in Black Hair Continent, which was under Cloud Cover Continent.</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng was sitting in a room in the imperial city of Black Hair Continent, holding a three-colored flame in his hands.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's fake will was speaking inside his mind: "In the competition tomorrow, the enemy is extremely powerful! Fang Zheng, even though you have rank five cultivation level, you severely lack Gu worms. You are also a human Gu Master, you are ostracized in Black Hair Continent, you can only refine Gu yourself. Tonight, you must refine the rank five Gu River Swallowing Toad. That way, you will be able to counter the enemy's water path methods."</p> 
<p>"I know, can you shut up?!" Fang Zheng snorted in his mind.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's fake will stopped speaking, but soon, the three-colored flame in Fang Zheng's hands dissipated.</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng spat out a mouthful of blood, after failing the Gu refinement, he suffered internal injuries.</p> 
<p>"Hehe." Fang Yuan's fake will laughed: "Oh my stupid brother, you are still as useless as ever. The Gu refinement process has just started, and you have already failed at the third step."</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng's expression was very ugly, but the truth was in front of him, he had nothing to say, he kept quiet and sat down, using Gu worms to heal himself.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's fake will continued: "Being useless is fine, any person can grow and become stronger even if they are useless and weak. But the important thing is, there is no hope if you cannot recognize your own weakness and uselessness. The materials you prepared can only allow you to attempt the Gu refinement three times. This is just the start and you have already failed. Without my help, how will you refine the River Swallowing Toad? Hehe, in tomorrow's battle, death is not barred, the other party will not spare you even if you beg them. You are beyond saving."</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng felt anger from embarrassment, he shouted: "If I die, that's my own business, you are too noisy, shut up!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's fake will said eerily: "I am going to keep talking, can you stop me? You think I care about your life? Hmph, little brother, you are still so ignorant. I only want revenge, you are just a tool for my revenge."</p> 
<p>"I can become anyone's tool, but I will definitely not be yours!" Fang Zheng replied resolutely.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's fake will laughed: "You have no choice, even if you do not want to, so what? After participating in the competition, along your advancement, you killed many hairy man Gu Masters, you were taking revenge for me. Tonight, you must listen to my advice in order to successfully refine the Gu. You must accept my guidance, otherwise, you will die tomorrow without doubt!"</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng's expression was dark, but he did not rebuke.</p> 
<p>He clenched his fists, falling into dead silence.</p> 
<p>Two hours later, he started to refine Gu.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan slowly gave his pointers regarding the steps. Fang Zheng did not speak, but he followed the instructions without any deviation.</p> 
<p>Finally, when the sky was turning bright, at dawn, Fang Zheng succeeded in refining the River Swallowing Toad!</p> 
<p>Cloud Cover Continent.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan lightly let out a breath of air.</p> 
<p>The interior rain in front of him had been processed properly, it was like frozen ice, resembling a completely transparent jade.</p> 
<p>But the truth was, processing the immortal material to this degree was not just as simple as freezing it.</p> 
<p>There were more than fifty steps involved in this, more than twenty Gu refinement methods were used, and thirty refinement path mortal killer moves. Furthermore, the Gu refinement needed to do all these within several minutes.</p> 
<p>After wasting three basins, Fang Yuan finally succeeded by the fourth basin of interior rain.</p> 
<p>At this time, a lump of fake will flew to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's eyes shone, after confirming that it was harmless, he retrieved it in his mind.</p> 
<p>Soon, an almost indiscernible smile appeared on the corners of his lips.</p> 
<p>"In order to survive, Fang Zheng can only follow my instructions. Even though he hates me to the core, in order to live, he can only obey."</p> 
<p>"Every time he survives using my guidance, he would feel humiliated and angry. But as long as this happens once, it will continue to happen. The more it happens, the less affected he feels, eventually, he will get used to my existence and rely on me subconsciously. By then, it would be the best time to refine Blood Deity."</p> 
<p>"But his current mental state is still not good enough, he needs to be trained further."</p>
    </body>
</html>
