<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1873: Heavenly Court&apos;s Ambush</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1873: Heavenly Court&apos;s Ambush</h1>
        
        <p>Thousand Transformations Ancestor was boiling with anger and resented Fang Yuan for not realizing the bigger picture.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan knew it clearly as he laughed: "If Heavenly Court comes, I shall kill them. If one comes, I will kill one. If two come, I will kill two!"</p> 
<p>Thousand Transformations Ancestor's eyes widened and could not help but think: "After winning a few battles, this Fang Yuan has actually become so arrogant, or does he truly have a trump card to make him so confident?"</p> 
<p>Back then, Thousand Transformations Ancestor had undergone a myriad tribulation and barely survived from it, he had been recuperating secretly. At that very time, Fairy Cui Bo was killed by Fang Yuan, Thousand Transformations Ancestor sensed this but because of his heavy injuries, he could only send Dancer Hong Yun to inspect the situation. But he was worried his weakness would be seen through by others, so he handed rank eight Immortal Gu Mutation to Dancer Hong Yun to avoid showing weakness if she encountered strong enemies.</p> 
<p>Thousand Transformations Ancestor was a lone cultivator and didn't have a friendly relationship with Western Desert's righteous path forces. He was at his weakest state at that time.</p> 
<p>Later, Fang Yuan schemed and trapped Dancer Hong Yun.</p> 
<p>Thousand Transformations Ancestor received Heavenly Court's message and knew Fang Yuan was the true culprit.</p> 
<p>But at that time, the dream realm had already entrapped Dancer Hong Yun and mutation Immortal Gu, Thousand Transformations Ancestor had no choice but to send Night Temptress and Immortal Concubine Qing Lan to construct a rank seven immortal formation around the dream realm.</p> 
<p>He had not expected this action to expose his state to Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Since then, Fairy Zi Wei had been actively plotting to kill this Western Desert rank eight in advance so as to prepare for the five regions chaotic war in the future.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court secretly sent its members while Fairy Zi Wei schemed repeatedly to form a trap targeted against Thousand Transformations Ancestor.</p> 
<p>Thousand Transformations Ancestor was a rank eight Gu Immortal and not some ordinary person, he keenly sensed the abnormal situation occurring, but due to his injuries, he could only use schemes to compete with Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Both sides fought secretly, although Heavenly Court had a wisdom path great expert like Fairy Zi Wei, she was occupied with important matters. Moreover, a mighty dragon cannot suppress the local snake, Thousand Transformations Ancestor had been developing his territory in Western Desert for many years.</p> 
<p>Thus, after Thousand Transformations Ancestor sensed their actions, Heavenly Court's progress became halted time and again.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei noticed this and took the initiative to recruit Thousand Transformations Ancestor, trying to repeat the success of recruiting Old Ancestor Xue Hu.</p> 
<p>However, Thousand Transformations Ancestor was different from Old Ancestor Xue Hu, he had Reckless Savage's true inheritance and was in control of the whole of myriad statue desert. He had a lot of cultivation resources and was able to financially support his concubines to become immortals.</p> 
<p>While Old Ancestor Xue Hu was almost bankrupt because of the failure in refining rank eight Immortal Gu Fortune Rivalling Heaven. He accepted Heavenly Court's financial aid to make a comeback.</p> 
<p>Thousand Transformations Ancestor also did not refuse directly but promised Heavenly Court that he would consider it.</p> 
<p>Both sides had yet not reached the point of truly getting into an unresolvable conflict.</p> 
<p>Right at this time, Fang Yuan suddenly appeared and attacked the myriad li adaptation formation, Thousand Transformations Ancestor was not willing to show up.</p> 
<p>But this problematic Fang Yuan immediately broke the deadlock, destroying Thousand Transformations Ancestor's plan to stall for time.</p> 
<p>Thousand Transformations Ancestor and Heavenly Court's battle was like a bomb. Both sides were restraining themselves to find a much better opportunity to use it.</p> 
<p>And Fang Yuan was like a spark that lit the bomb.</p> 
<p>The balance was broken, Thousand Transformations Ancestor had no choice but to make his move. Once he exposed his cards, Heavenly Court would definitely attack!</p> 
<p>Boom boom boom!</p> 
<p>Repeated explosions resounded throughout the area.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan controlled Myriad Year Flying Warship to fight Thousand Transformations Ancestor, after a long while, neither side could do anything to the other.</p> 
<p>"Heavenly Court experts are probably hiding in the surroundings and watching, even if they weren't, this commotion will attract them." Thousand Transformations Ancestor had this worry since the start, he did not chase after Fang Yuan and urged: "Fang Yuan, Fairy Cui Bo died because she was too weak, she died a worthy death in the battlefield. Our hatred is not irreconcilable. You must be clear that your true enemy is not me, but Heavenly Court!"</p> 
<p>Thousand Transformations Ancestor did his best to persuade him while forcibly restraining the fury in his heart.</p> 
<p>My situation is like yours, why do we need to fight each other to death? We are both targeted by Heavenly Court, this battle is just giving Heavenly Court an opportunity to strike us! Why do you need to be so irrational?</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan was irrational, laughing madly: "Thousand Transformations Ancestor, you don't deserve being a rank eight great expert, you are actually such a coward that you want to make peace with me? Hehe, I fear neither Heavenly Court nor you. Die!"</p> 
<p>Thousand Transformations Ancestor was so furious from hearing this that he wanted to skin Fang Yuan alive.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan stood on the deck again and activated daybreak sword.</p> 
<p>The sword lights were like a waterfall with mighty momentum as well as being extremely nimble. The daybreak swords had charged right into Thousand Transformations Ancestor when they split into ten groups, the ten groups passed around Thousand Transformations Ancestor and attacked the myriad li adaptation formation.</p> 
<p>"This Fang Yuan is so insidious!" Thousand Transformations Ancestor's eyes widened, he of course could not let Fang Yuan succeed. If this formation was broken, the female immortals inside would definitely die.</p> 
<p>Thousand Transformations Ancestor inhaled fiercely and transformed into a giant.</p> 
<p>He then turned his body around, his back part transformed into a giant tortoise shell which blocked five or six groups of daybreak swords.</p> 
<p>Then, his neck lengthened like a snake.</p> 
<p>His head also transformed into a beast mouth. The beast mouth inhaled and swallowed the remaining swords.</p> 
<p>"Giant transformation! Whirlpool tortoise shell transformation! Divine green snake neck transformation! Taotie transformation!" Fang Yuan's gaze was like fire as he instantly recognized Thousand Transformations Ancestor's methods.</p> 
<p>Thousand Transformations Ancestor used all kinds of transformations at will and with extreme skill, every transformation just perfectly shielded the formation behind him.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan realized immediately: he was unable to break through Thousand Transformations Ancestor's defense just by relying on Myriad Year Flying Warship.</p> 
<p>Not only this, Fang Yuan needed to avoid close combat as much as possible as the other might know many transformations that could restrain Myriad Year Flying Warship.</p> 
<p>Myriad Year Flying Warship charging into him was what Thousand Transformations Ancestor wanted to see.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan smiled coldly: "Worthy of being Reckless Savage's true inheritance, alright, let's stop here. Thousand Transformations Ancestor, we will meet again someday."</p> 
<p>Saying so, he controlled Myriad Year Flying Warship and activated the killer move torrential charge.</p> 
<p>Shining water waves immediately appeared below Myriad Year Flying Warship, the killer move had summoned a phantom image of the River of Time!</p> 
<p>Myriad Year Flying Warship borrowed the momentum of the river and left like a shot arrow.</p> 
<p>But right at this time, a delicate voice resounded through the skies: "Fang Yuan, where are you going!"</p> 
<p>Before the voice finished speaking, four Immortal Gu Houses came rushing from four directions along with four rank eight Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>"There was indeed an ambush!" Even Thousand Transformations Ancestor got a fright, Heavenly Court's determination was too great, such an enormous force had actually been lying in ambush.</p> 
<p>Thousand Transformations Ancestor suddenly realized: "Dangerous! I was intentionally stalling for time but Heavenly Court was trying to use that to make me lower my guard, and later, secretly mobilizing a large number of troops to besiege and even kill me! From this angle, looks like I need to thank Fang Yuan, had he not lured out this force, I might have still been in the dark."</p> 
<p>Although he knew the situation clearly, Thousand Transformations Ancestor did not show any gratitude towards Fang Yuan as he shouted: "Fang Yuan, look, my words came true!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's expression was serious as he maneuvered Myriad Year Flying Warship to dash here and there, but its movement was all blocked by Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not try again, instead turning the ship around towards Thousand Transformations Ancestor: "Ancestor, the situation is like this, let us cooperate."</p> 
<p>Thousand Transformations Ancestor pointed at Fang Yuan furiously: "Fang Yuan, I have rarely seen such shamelessness in my life!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan smiled coldly: "Then you want to continue fighting me?"</p> 
<p>Thousand Transformations Ancestor choked and forcibly swallowed this grievance: "Hmph! We shall fight later, don't be a burden to me."</p> 
<p>"I should be the one saying that. You have quite a huge burden there." Fang Yuan ridiculed, hinting that the many concubines were Thousand Transformations Ancestor's weakness.</p> 
<p>Thousand Transformations Ancestor's expression turned dark: "Stay further away from me, if you cross this line, I will fight you as well."</p> 
<p>He was naturally still wary towards Fang Yuan and did not have even a bit of trust in Fang Yuan. But there was no other choice in this situation, he could only collaborate with Fang Yuan to have a chance at winning.</p> 
<p>Just like Thousand Transformations Ancestor expected, Heavenly Court had secretly mobilized a large force to ambush him.</p> 
<p>But there was suddenly a change in the situation, Fang Yuan had attacked and fought Thousand Transformations Ancestor.</p> 
<p>Heavenly Court's forces did not expect this and quickly contacted Fairy Zi Wei who was in Heavenly Court. Fairy Zi Wei was exulted and commanded Heavenly Court's forces to continue lying in ambush and watch the battle from the sidelines, waiting for the opportunity to reap the spoils.</p> 
<p>But Thousand Transformations Ancestor was extremely shrewd and pointed out Heavenly Court's existence while also displaying an extraordinary battle strength.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan seemed to be unable to break his defense and wanted to retreat.</p> 
<p>The moment he tried to retreat, Heavenly Court's troops had no choice but to make a move.</p> 
<p>Previously, Heavenly Court wanted to deal with Thousand Transformations Ancestor, but Fang Yuan was a much bigger threat to Heavenly Court. He had finally appeared and Heavenly Court's members were not willing to let him go.</p> 
<p>As such, Heavenly Court's forces moved out and turned the whole situation upside down.</p> 
<p>Thousand Transformations Ancestor and Fang Yuan had no choice but to collaborate, but even those two did not have any hopes for what their joint efforts could achieve.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, you ran away last time. This time, let me see where you can flee to." Prince Feng Xian closed in, intending to make up for his previous loss.</p> 
<p>The expressions of Xing Ye Wang and Wei Feng were cold as they flew in without saying a word.</p> 
<p>There was another rank eight Gu Immortal as well, it was a woman with a seductive body. She laughed alluringly: "You are Fang Yuan? So handsome, big sister likes you. What a pity, what a pity. Why would someone so handsome end up like this?"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan paid the most attention to this female immortal.</p> 
<p>"According to my previous life's memories, this woman should be Wan Zi Hong. In the previous life, when Northern Plains invaded Heavenly Court, she had awakened. I didn't expect her to wake up so early in this life."</p> 
<p>Prince Feng Xian shouted: "Attack!"</p> 
<p>Four Immortal Gu Houses guarded four directions while the four rank eight Gu Immortals activated their killer moves simultaneously.</p> 
<p>In an instant, flames erupted, starlight spread, fierce wind raged, and mist filled the air!</p> 
<p>Four rank eight killer moves with grand might overwhelmed the surroundings.</p> 
<p>"Come!" Fang Yuan controlled Myriad Year Flying Warship and directly charged head-on.</p> 
<p>Thousand Transformations Ancestor's eyes widened: "One's nature can be seen at the crucial moment. This Fang Yuan is truly a demon that can fight Heavenly Court, he has such courage!"</p> 
<p>Seeing Fang Yuan charging over, Heavenly Court's four immortals controlled their killer moves to attack Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"I'll dodge!" Fang Yuan laughed sinisterly, lightly turning around his direction and flying behind the myriad li adaptation formation.</p> 
<p>"This bastard..." Thousand Transformations Ancestor was dazed before cursing inwardly. Fang Yuan left and the killer moves that were lured by him flew at Thousand Transformations Ancestor.</p> 
<p>Thousand Transformations Ancestor needed to protect the formation behind him and could not dodge. He gave a furious shout and braced himself to defend the attacks!</p> 
<p>Boom boom boom!</p> 
<p>Continued explosions resounded while Fang Yuan flew away within Myriad Year Flying Warship.</p> 
<p>"Thousand Transformations Ancestor, thank you, I shall leave now." Fang Yuan laughed brightly.</p> 
<p>Guh.</p> 
<p>The aftermath of the battle settled, revealing Thousand Transformations Ancestor covered in soot. When he heard Fang Yuan's laughter, he immediately coughed out a mouthful of blood.</p>
    </body>
</html>
