<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1076: Transactions with Shadow Sect (1/3)</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1076: Transactions with Shadow Sect (1/3)</h1>
        
        <p>Sixth Hair did not want to tell this secret to Fang Yuan, but he really had no choice!</p> 
<p>Ying Wu Xie's situation forced him to do this!</p> 
<p>Breathing in a deep breath, Sixth Hair continued: "Fang Yuan, you were able to take sovereign immortal fetus Gu away at the most crucial moment, it was not just because of your own capabilities, but because you received the guidance of heaven's will. Even the fact that you were able to use Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth was also part of heaven's will's plot. To let you return to the past and ruin my Shadow Sect's grand plan!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan heard this and his heart shook.</p> 
<p>The first half was still fine, but the content of the second half! Even with his mental fortitude, he also could not control himself.</p> 
<p>Boom!</p> 
<p>Coincidentally, at this time, there was a huge tremor in the outside world.</p> 
<p>"What is going on?" In an instant, Fang Yuan regained his cool.</p> 
<p>He sat up as he used his Gu worms, his eyes pierced the cloud cover, he saw that there was thunder rumbling in the sky, several bolts of lightning were flickering.</p> 
<p>A thunderstorm was brewing!</p> 
<p>Sixth Hair laughed coldly, but he felt bleak internally: "Fang Yuan, you have just undergone tribulation, there is still much of heaven's will left in Lang Ya blessed land. My earlier words exposed the scheme of heaven's will, I attracted the fury of heaven's will. But all blessed lands and grotto-heavens are small worlds independent of the five regions, heaven's will cannot control this place. The tribulations are already over, no matter how angry heaven's will is, there is no use!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan did not deny it, he looked at Sixth Hair expressionlessly: "Continue speaking."</p> 
<p>Sixth Hair was hesitant earlier, but now that he had spoken, he felt relieved on the inside.</p> 
<p>He spoke even more quickly, continuing: "Fang Yuan, your Spring Autumn Cicada also has heaven's will hidden in it. This has been verified by Lord Ying Wu Xie. This is the best evidence proving that every single one of your rebirths were affected by heaven's will."</p> 
<p>"Spring Autumn Cicada uses everything in the Gu Immortal and only retains a will. This will is carried inside Spring Autumn Cicada and enters the River of Time, traveling upwards to your body in the past, achieving a rebirth. Fang Yuan, you have used it many times, you should know this clearly."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was expressionless, he did not retort.</p> 
<p>Sixth Hair continued: "Spring Autumn Cicada has heaven's will in it, every time you use Spring Autumn Cicada, it is the best chance for heaven's will to increase its influence on you. Because at that time, you only have some portion of remaining will left, without your body, your focus will also be on the River of Time, you will not anticipate such a plot working on you."</p> 
<p>"After rebirth, you naturally had to think about how to use your rebirth advantage to cultivate. Precisely so, you were plotted against by heaven's will. The things you experienced before rebirth, the opportunities that you knew, were they really simply what you know now? Those so-called fortuitous encounters were just bait left by heaven's will, so that as a tool of heaven's will, you would grow and reach Yi Tian Mountain, ruining Shadow Sect's plan."</p> 
<p>"According to our deduction, in the future before your first rebirth, Shadow Sect had succeeded. But heaven's will was not willing to see my main body become a venerable again. Why did Bo Qing fail in the past? It was because he was a split soul of my main body. And furthermore, after my main body obtained the sovereign immortal fetus and revived, he would definitely grow beyond all of the other venerables! In the future, heaven's will was no longer able to eliminate my main body. Thus, it thought of a way, creating a plot to send you back in time, using you to change the past and remodel the future!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan suddenly asked: "Wait, I don't understand something, why did heaven's will choose me?"</p> 
<p>"Because you are an otherworldly demon, only otherworldly demons can change the past. If they are not an otherworldly demon, even a venerable cannot do enough. Red Lotus Demon Venerable tried all his life, but he only broke fate Gu, he could not even destroy it, or harm heaven's will."</p> 
<p>"Of course, you are not the only otherworldly demon. But regardless, after taking personal experience and circumstances into account, during that time period, you were the most suitable candidate to be the tool." Sixth Hair answered.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was silent.</p> 
<p>This was a brand new perspective, a shocking revelation!</p> 
<p>Sixth Hair's words made Fang Yuan realize that he was immersed in a huge scheme.</p> 
<p>He thought back over the five hundred years of his previous life, he had roamed for hundreds of years, was it the suppression of heaven's will?</p> 
<p>He had wanted to refine Blood Deity, did heaven's will obstruct him from doing so?</p> 
<p>It seemed too easy that he obtained Spring Autumn Cicada's Immortal Gu recipe.</p> 
<p>After refining Spring Autumn Cicada, he immediately faced the attack of all the ten great ancient sects.</p> 
<p>Sixth Hair looked at his expression and saw that Fang Yuan was moved, but because he did not express himself, Sixth Hair could only curse internally as he asked again:</p> 
<p>"Your Spring Autumn Cicada is only rank six, there is a high chance of failure. Why did you succeed every time you used it?"</p> 
<p>"That isn't the case, I failed the last time." As Fang Yuan said this, he suddenly was stunned.</p> 
<p>This point was the strongest evidence proving the presence of heaven's will!</p> 
<p>His amnesia did not affect this part of his memories, he remembered that he used Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth because he was hit by Heaven Overseeing Tower, he could not dodge and had no choice.</p> 
<p>But before this, the Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie was already vaporized by Heaven Overseeing Tower.</p> 
<p>According to Sixth Hair's explanation, it could be understood as: The Great Strength True Martial immortal zombie was destroyed, the ten extreme immortal zombie lifeless formation was incomplete, it could not refine Gu. Shadow Sect's plan failed, the only other way was Hei Lou Lan, but she was not at Yi Tian Mountain. Thus, heaven's will no longer needed the tool, Fang Yuan, and he failed when using Spring Autumn Cicada.</p> 
<p>Instead, Shadow Sect refused to lose, after heaven's will abandoned Fang Yuan, Shadow Sect used the Red Lotus true inheritance to help Fang Yuan rebirth and change the past, allowing Shadow Sect's plan to progress.</p> 
<p>"What? You do not know that I failed my last activation?" Fang Yuan looked at Sixth Hair.</p> 
<p>Sixth Hair blinked and felt cold sweat in his hands.</p> 
<p>He naturally did not know this.</p> 
<p>He was only a split soul, he did not even join the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, he had been inside Lang Ya blessed land the entire time. Furthermore, he only had Ying Wu Xie as a higher-up, a lot of his information came from Ying Wu Xie.</p> 
<p>But he knew that Ying Wu Xie had activated Spring Autumn Cicada. Originally, Ying Wu Xie was plotted against by Fang Yuan and had no way out, but because of Spring Autumn Cicada, there was a reset which caused the current situation.</p> 
<p>Sixth Hair was thinking about whether he should tell Fang Yuan this secret. He got more and more nervous as he thought over it, he did not know what reaction Fang Yuan would have after he told him.</p> 
<p>But at this time, Fang Yuan waved his hand, saying: "Never mind, continue."</p> 
<p>Sixth Hair heaved a sigh of relief, he let out a breath and calmed his emotions, he continued: "Heaven's will planned for you to be a tool, it was a brilliant move. We subconsciously assumed that an otherworldly demon would have nothing to do with heaven's will. Because of this, even my main body was deceived."</p> 
<p>"After Three Kings blessed land, one of our split souls, Old Man Yan Shi, found out that you had Spring Autumn Cicada, that you are someone who had been reborn. But because you already went to Hu Immortal inheritance, and our hundred thousand year plan was right before us, we did not want to create external trouble, so we tried to scheme against you secretly. Thus, Old Man Yan Shi blocked deductions for you, and that caused the Central Continent Gu Immortals, Feng Jiu Ge's group, to go to Luo Po Valley."</p> 
<p>"In that battle, even though the Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance immortal zombie escaped, he was captured by Old Ancestor Xue Hu. Heavenly Court and these Gu Immortals in Northern Plains were all secretly influenced by heaven's will, they were part of my main body's 'human' tribulation."</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, after rebirth, on the way to Northern Plains from Southern Border, you encountered a lot of unexpected mishaps, right? These were all caused by heaven's will to eliminate you."</p> 
<p>"Similarly, Lord Ying Wu Xie is in a desperate situation now, a part of the reason was that Lord Ying Wu Xie had obtained your body, he also attracted a lot of enemies for you, and is facing the problem for you."</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, your name is on the Demon Judgment Board, the ten great ancient sects are after you, even Heavenly Court is pursuing you. Lord Ying Wu Xie is the best example of your future! Do you think you can be safe if you hide in the other four regions and don't go to Central Continent? My main body defied heaven to refine Gu, but Heavenly Court's Gu Immortals could still come after us. The main reason that most Gu Immortals don't travel regions is not because of the five regional walls, but because of their calamities and tribulations. Once they arrive, the result is hard to predict, if their tribulation was affected, they would suffer. Furthermore, Heavenly Court Gu Immortals give their immortal apertures to Heavenly Court, they have no calamities and tribulations, they go outside using a phantom aperture, and they have the method to sleep while preserving their lifespan."</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, let me ask this, if I did not inform you today, would you know about heaven's will? The scheme that made you a tool?"</p> 
<p>"You and my main body have deep enmity, that is true, but you are also closely linked to us. Lord Ying Wu Xie is in grave danger, if he ends up in the hands of Heavenly Court, your relationship with him and your information would all be leaked. Heavenly Court will come after you! Because Heavenly Court are the lackeys that defend heaven's will. Earlier, Feng Jiu Ge and the other Central Continent Gu Immortals went to Northern Plains to investigate, and later, Heaven Overseeing Tower Lord launched an ambush in Southern Border. Fang Yuan, you and Lord Ying Wu Xie are tied together by the same rope, if he dies, you will follow soon enough!"</p> 
<p>Sixth Hair had great eloquence, he spoke without pausing, he listed his reasons with strong evidence, it was truly convincing and understandable.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was so moved he could not help but say: "You are right, this is truly the case! I think.... we can have a good transaction."</p> 
<p>Sixth Hair was overjoyed, he thought: "This matter is settled!"</p> 
<p>At this moment, he was about to tear up.</p> 
<p>Because recently, he had been under strong pressure.</p> 
<p>Because of him, Fang Yuan succeeded in the tribulation and refined change form Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>No matter the reason or motive, the result was clear.</p> 
<p>He was at fault!</p> 
<p>He was filled with regret and anguish.</p> 
<p>Thus, he had to make up for his mistake.</p> 
<p>Now, he exposed his identity and took a huge risk to urge Fang Yuan, it was Ying Wu Xie's idea, but Sixth Hair was also a willing party.</p> 
<p>It seemed now that everything was worth it.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was Ying Wu Xie's only way out. Sixth Hair had helped Ying Wu Xie open up this possibility singlehandedly.</p>
    </body>
</html>
