<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 1789: Suspected of Rebirth</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 1789: Suspected of Rebirth</h1>
        
        <p>Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>Throughout the eras, countless immortal halls were built.</p> 
<p>Behind Central Great Hall, there was a tall tower that was covered in a white-gold halo.</p> 
<p>It was the rank eight Immortal Gu House Heaven Overseeing Tower.</p> 
<p>Surrounding Heaven Overseeing Tower, several Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were working together, they were very busy.</p> 
<p>Through their hard work, a refinement path formation was slowly taking shape.</p> 
<p>A Gu Immortal with a strong body that was like a monolith was watching outside the formation. Even though he was just standing, he gave a feeling of a huge pillar that could support the sky.</p> 
<p>It was Duke Long!</p> 
<p>"Greetings, Duke Long." Fairy Zi Wei arrived at this moment, standing behind Duke Long.</p> 
<p>"Right now, Lang Ya blessed land is in Fang Yuan's hands, that means he also knows the details of Refinement Cauldron. Originally, Heavenly Court's refinement path formation was modeled after Refinement Cauldron. I ordered them to disassemble the original formation and modify it into another one." Duke Long said as he turned around, facing Fairy Zi Wei.</p> 
<p>Guilt showed on Fairy Zi Wei's face as she said: "I have failed in my duties..."</p> 
<p>Before she finished, Duke Long interrupted: "No need to take about blaming yourself, I believe you have already reflected upon your actions, the past cannot be changed, we should face the present and plan for the future."</p> 
<p>Duke Long looked at Fairy Zi Wei as he sighed: "Right now, Heavenly Court has control of the situation, but it seems like our control is slowly dwindling. Fang Yuan... this pawn arranged by Red Lotus Demon Venerable was able to thwart our plans and cause the deaths of Chen Yi and Thunder Ghost True Monarch, right now he even captured many Southern Border immortals. Even if he is only rank seven, regardless of what methods he used, the result is apparent to us all, the facts are simply like this. Zi Wei, how will you deal with it?"</p> 
<p>In the previous life, Duke Long did not place importance on Fang Yuan, he thought that he was just a nuisance.</p> 
<p>But now, after Fang Yuan attained great victories one after the other, Duke Long became alert towards him.</p> 
<p>He no longer entrusted everything to Fairy Zi Wei like in the previous life, he started to feel uneasy and asked questions about future plans.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei breathed in deeply, she already had a plan on how to deal with Fang Yuan, she said calmly: "The first thing is to find his location. Wisdom path methods are not enough, right now, I have sent out three rank eight Gu Immortals in Southern Border to search for his traces."</p> 
<p>"Furthermore, we need to counter his killer move that uses Fixed Immortal Travel as the core. This move is more threatening than Omni-directional Travel, it gives Fang Yuan the initiative to advance or retreat at will."</p> 
<p>"I have already given orders to prepare the refinement of fixed space Gu before anyone else."</p> 
<p>Fixed space Gu was in Liu Hao's hands, but he was captured by Fang Yuan now. Fairy Zi Wei was confident in Heavenly Court's methods, they could make Liu Hao's fixed space Immortal Gu self-detonate.</p> 
<p>With the crucial fixed space Gu, they would be able to deal with Fixed Immortal Travel's killer move.</p> 
<p>"And thirdly." Fairy Zi Wei said as she paused, continuing in a heavier tone: "We need to guard against his Spring Autumn Cicada."</p> 
<p>"I am increasingly suspicious that Fang Yuan has already used Spring Autumn Cicada, he had been reborn already."</p> 
<p>"In the battle of Lang Ya blessed land, our side lost because star cast was broken."</p> 
<p>"This is very suspicious, Feng Jiu Ge left so many dao marks at various locations, why did Fang Yuan lock onto that particular one? Setting a formation in advance and blocking us from entering?"</p> 
<p>"But I have made many deductions on this without any result, the clues are too few."</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei sighed deeply.</p> 
<p>"Spring Autumn Cicada is a problem indeed." Duke Long nodded: "Do you have any way to deal with it?"</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei nodded: "Lord Duke Long, didn't we discuss already, we will use the killer move benevolent equality on Spring Autumn Cicada. But benevolence Gu is still in Southern Border, it is owned by Paradise Earth's inheritor, Lu Wei Yin."</p> 
<p>"That's right." Duke Long said in a low tone: "If Fang Yuan uses Spring Autumn Cicada, he might not just be using it alone, he likely would be using a killer move. Using benevolent equality to deal with any potential Spring Autumn Cicada killer move is most appropriate."</p> 
<p>"Precisely." Purple light flickered in Fairy Zi Wei's eyes: "That is why I plan to contact Lu Wei Yin soon, I want to discuss the matter of borrowing benevolence Gu from him."</p> 
<p>At this time in the previous life, Heavenly Court was calm and composed, they had not contacted Lu Wei Yin so early.</p> 
<p>But due to the ink effect, they decided to approach Lu Wei Yin in advance.</p> 
<p>Duke Long nodded as he had a thought: "You want to use this chance to see if Fang Yuan has truly been reborn?"</p> 
<p>"That's right. If Lu Wei Yin rejects us, the likelihood of Fang Yuan using rebirth is higher. That is because our benevolent equality killer move counters Fang Yuan."</p> 
<p>"But if Lu Wei Yin agrees, it means that we were able to use benevolent equality, it would be unlikely that Fang Yuan managed to rebirth."</p> 
<p>"At the same time, we can probe the attitude of this current generation Paradise Earth inheritor." Fairy Zi Wei said slowly.</p> 
<p>On the topic of Paradise Earth, Duke Long had a complex expression as he said: "Let's do that."</p> 
<p>"However, even if Lu Wei Yin refuses to lend to us, we do not need to worry even if we cannot deal with Spring Autumn Cicada."</p> 
<p>"As long as we control the situation and progress as planned, no matter how that scoundrel Fang Yuan tries, he cannot turn this around."</p> 
<p>"Back then, with Red Lotus' strength and foundation, he still failed in the end, not to mention this mere Fang Yuan?"</p> 
<p>Duke Long said this with a grand tone as he smiled.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei was a little hesitant, she asked: "Lord Duke Long, there is something I do not understand. With our Heavenly Court's deep foundation, why do we need to borrow Gu in order to deal with Spring Autumn Cicada? Do we really lack any kind of method to deal with Spring Autumn Cicada?"</p> 
<p>Duke Long's smile faded away: "The cause is likely Red Lotus. Back then, he had told me this personally when we fought. He said that in the River of Time, there are many stone lotus islands that are not connected to each other, yet they share a special influence. All of the stone lotus islands form one immortal killer move, it is his proudest creation. This method can influence the flow of the River of Time, it can indirectly affect the traces of all beings in this world."</p> 
<p>Without the River of Time, the entire world would be still.</p> 
<p>The myriad beings could only move and live because of the moving River of Time.</p> 
<p>Using this relationship, Red Lotus Demon Venerable created a grand method that exerted its influence until today.</p> 
<p>The most evident effect was that any Gu worm or method that countered Spring Autumn Cicada would never end up in Heavenly Court.</p> 
<p>After the matter of Red Lotus, Heavenly Court concealed the truth to defend its reputation while aggressively searching and planning for methods to deal with Spring Autumn Cicada.</p> 
<p>Gradually, Heavenly Court found something strange.</p> 
<p>Any Immortal Gu that could counter Spring Autumn Cicada would intentionally 'avoid' Heavenly Court. Among the Gu Immortals that joined Heavenly Court, very few cultivated time path!</p> 
<p>"But as time passes, this influence is weakening. Heavenly Court has obtained some methods that can influence and disrupt Spring Autumn Cicada. You know them too, most are still unusable." Duke Long added.</p> 
<p>"So that's it." Fairy Zi Wei had a calm expression but she was shocked on the inside. Red Lotus Demon Venerable had created an incredible method, this truly surpassed the limits of time path, it had a trace of the power of fate!</p> 
<p>He not only damaged fate Gu, he even forcefully used time path methods to mimic the power of fate in order to counter it.</p> 
<p>Fairy Zi Wei blinked as she calmed her emotions: "Next, I will let out news that Fang Yuan is trying to undergo tribulation and ascend to rank eight."</p> 
<p>"At the same time, I will talk to Wu Yong and interact with the Southern Border righteous path forces, to find more people that would go against Fang Yuan."</p> 
<p>"And finally, I have already given orders to nurture Fang Zheng fully. This person was brought about by the Heavenly Dao, he is a crucial key to dealing with Fang Yuan. Has he already undergone immortal ascension?"</p> 
<p>Central Continent.</p> 
<p>The blood rain became smaller as Gu Yue Fang Zheng floated in the sky above the mountain peak, his heaven, earth, and human qi were condensing into one spot.</p> 
<p>He had gone through many ordeals, his suffering had turned into his precious wealth, allowing him to balance the three qi successfully.</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng suddenly opened his eyes, he breathed in deeply and tossed a rank five blood path Gu into the lump of qi.</p> 
<p>Boom!</p> 
<p>A shocking sound exploded around him, the qi lump burst out and turned into an immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>High grade blessed land!</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng's immortal ascension succeeded, there was also a lot of heaven and earth qi remaining.</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng was overjoyed, these heaven and earth qi could raise his vital blood path mortal Gu into an Immortal Gu!</p> 
<p>"Fang Zheng, quickly let me in, I will help you with the tribulation!" Fan Xi Liu transmitted, he had been guarding Fang Zheng's entire immortal ascension process.</p> 
<p>"Hmm?" Fang Zheng frowned, showing displeasure. The immortal aperture was the most private area of the Gu Immortal, Fan Xi Liu was infringing on it, Fang Zheng felt a sense of anger.</p> 
<p>But immediately, Fang Zheng relaxed his brows, he opened the immortal aperture door and said plainly: "Sure, Fan Xi Liu, please enter."</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng knew that not only was Fan Xi Liu here, during his immortal ascension, countless eyes were watching him.</p> 
<p>He gradually understood his value, he was just a tool, he was being nurtured to deal with Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>A moment later, his tribulation ended.</p> 
<p>Fan Xi Liu was inside his immortal aperture, he had a complex expression: "Fang Zheng, this is a high grade blessed land, back then, I went through so much and faced a great risk during my tribulation, but only gained a medium grade blessed land."</p> 
<p>"Your immortal aperture has at least a size of 5666km2, while the limit is at 6000km2."</p> 
<p>"This is definitely a large tributary of the River of Time, the rate of time compared to the outside world is one to twenty-eight. The limit of a high grade blessed land is one to thirty, the difference is very small."</p> 
<p>His time path and space path resources were far beyond what Fan Xi Liu had back in his day.</p> 
<p>Rank six Gu Immortals with high grade blessed lands were elites, they were few in numbers to begin with.</p> 
<p>"And during this tribulation, you ascended your vital Gu as well, you now own two blood path Immortal Gu."</p> 
<p>"The sect has given orders, I brought you a lot of resources to plant and get past the toughest initial stage post ascension."</p> 
<p>Fan Xi Liu said this as he took out a large amount of blood path resources from his immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>All these resources had huge value, they were mostly immortal materials, this experienced Gu Immortal Fan Xi Liu could not even conceal the jealousy and envy in his eyes.</p> 
<p>The sect was putting so much effort into nurturing Fang Zheng!</p> 
<p>The value of these resources was equivalent to a rank six lone cultivator's hundred years of accumulation. Even for Fan Xi Liu who had Immortal Crane Sect's support, he had to spend fifty years to reach this stage.</p> 
<p>One could say that Fang Zheng became a rich rank six Gu Immortal without doing anything.</p> 
<p>"The sect is putting so much effort for you, Fang Zheng, don't let them down." At the end, Fan Xi Liu said with a hoarse voice.</p> 
<p>Just by seeing Fan Xi Liu's complex expression, Fang Zheng understood.</p> 
<p>He was also shocked that he was receiving so much attention and nurturing.</p> 
<p>"Regardless of their motive... I have finally become an immortal. Fang Yuan, the difference between you and I is no longer immortal and mortal."</p> 
<p>Fang Zheng's divine sense looked around, he felt deep emotions while looking at his immortal aperture: "This is my immortal aperture, my blessed land, my foundation!"</p> 
<p>At this moment, he felt that his future was bright, it seemed to be filled with endless possibilities.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, even though you are strong, you were still forced to escape from Central Continent and Heavenly Court, you dare not step into Central Continent."</p> 
<p>"With their help, it will not be impossible for me to deal with you."</p> 
<p>"Even though I understand you, I will not forgive you. Fate toys with people, we will still end up as enemies after all."</p> 
<p>This current life was different from the previous, Fang Zheng received much more attention and help, his immortal ascension was brought forward by quite some time.</p> 
<p>In the previous life, everyone knew about the nightmare that Southern Border faced, Fang Yuan's demonic might was overwhelming.</p> 
<p>But now, Heavenly Court concealed the facts behind their loss, while Southern Border's situation had not been known to everyone yet.</p> 
<p>Thus, Gu Yue Fang Zheng had no idea that Chen Yi and Thunder Ghost True Monarch had died, he did not know that Southern Border's immortals were all captured by Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>This created a misconception after his immortal ascension that if he continued like this, he might be able to reach Fang Yuan's height and face him directly.</p>
    </body>
</html>
