<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 528: True Martial Secret, Awaiting Assistance</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 528: True Martial Secret, Awaiting Assistance</h1>
        
        <p>Xiao Hun blessed land.</p> 
<p>This place was always covered in dense dark clouds and female-shaped trees grew on the ground.</p> 
<p>These trees were very peculiar; the tree trunk was curved and branches wrapped around each other like a girl's naked body. <em>The trees were in all kinds of enchanting postures.</em></p> 
<p>Female-shaped trees grew all over the place, becoming a forest.</p> 
<p>In the deepest part of the forest was the tallest female-shaped tree with a height of one thousand feet and roots that extended for a range of ten thousand li.</p> 
<p>This female-shaped tree king, however, did not look seductive, instead giving off pure and holy aura.</p> 
<p>The tree king's trunk was ramrod straight, giving a highly spirited feeling. Its two enormous branches formed into hands that covered the chest. The side branches from them formed into two well-developed and large palms that lifted a green treehouse.</p> 
<p>Red vermillion fruits grew all over the treehouse with reddish-brown rattan twining around them, making the fruits look like hearts.</p> 
<p>Two Gu Immortals were sitting inside this treehouse, both in black clothes.</p> 
<p>On the left was an ordinary looking man who was called 'Hei tribe stoneman' during his young age, he was awkward at conversing but was smart and careful inside; he was Hei Bai.</p> 
<p>On the right side, however, was a handsome man who was radiating with vigor, having eyes that seemed to shine, and appeared confident and at ease; he was Hei tribe's supreme elder Hei Cheng, Hei Lou Lan's father and a famous handsome man as well as the male lead in Su Xian's night elopement.</p> 
<p>"Say, you just returned from Ni Yu blessed land, did you see Dong Fang Chang Fan? How is he?" Hei Cheng asked leisurely while taking a sip of tea.</p> 
<p>Hei Bai nodded: "Senior Dong Fang isn't looking for lifespan Gu, there is not much of his lifespan left, he can probably only live for two-three years more. But his vision is broad and has magnanimous conduct, already seeing through the trouble of life and death and only wants to wholeheartedly nurture his successor Dong Fang Yu Liang now."</p> 
<p>"Magnanimous conduct, broad vision?" Hei Cheng scoffed, shaking his head in disdain, "Brother, you saw wrong. Dong Fang Chang Fan is a genuine petty person, he schemed against the northern plains and is extremely insidious and so is hated by all the Gu Immortals. If it was not so, he could have already bought lifespan Gu, why would he have fallen into this state? I have been secretly investigating over these years and have discovered he had a hand in my wife Su Xian Er's death!"</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng revealed this secret information, causing Hei Bai to be extremely startled.</p> 
<p>"What? There was such a thing?" Hei Bai exclaimed in shock.</p> 
<p>Su Xian Er was Hei Cheng's wife. Over two hundred years back, Su Xian Er was no more than a daughter of a concubine in Su tribe; and while she poured wine for Lord Hei Cheng back then in the banquet, Hei Cheng immediately fell in love at first sight.</p> 
<p>In that banquet, Hei Cheng was poisoned by Su tribe leader, his strength fell to the bottom and he was hunted down.</p> 
<p>After Su Xian Er accidentally learned of it, she resolutely rushed out of the tribe in the dead of night to rescue Hei Cheng whom she had only met once.</p> 
<p>At that time, Su Xian Er only had rank one cultivation, and ferocious beasts roamed the night grassland that were beyond her ability to contend.</p> 
<p>But under the play of fate, she was able to find the unconscious Hei Cheng.</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng was thus saved and managed to live. He had then asked Su Xian Er with suspicion: "I was plotted against by your tribe leader and you are a Su tribesman, why would you save an enemy of your tribe?"</p> 
<p>Su Xian Er had answered: "Lord has a noble spirit, this humble girl fell in love at first sight. Su tribe leader is short-sighted and plotted against lord under the persuasion of some petty people, but he never considered the result of offending Hei tribe. If he was allowed to have his way, Su tribe is destined to become a sacrificial pawn between two super tribes. People say lord repays a favor received by a hundred times. This humble girl saved lord today and only hopes lord can give me a place to stay. It is just and proper for lord to take revenge against Su tribe, but I hope lord can be merciful and leave behind a trace of bloodline for Su tribe."</p> 
<p>The moonlight shone on the jade-like beauty with slender and fair hands.</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng was overwhelmed at this sight, he tightly held Su Xian Er's hand and swore: "Your love is as deep as the sea, I, Hei Cheng, am not a cruel person, how could I not repay you? From today onwards, you will be my only wife! I will not care for any other beauties, no matter how beautiful they are. In this life, I will never betray you!"</p> 
<p>Su Xian Er saving Hei Cheng was akin to betraying the tribe. Hei Cheng was very grateful and interlinked with her as husband and wife.</p> 
<p>From that day onwards, the two helped each other, loving and respecting each other their whole life. Hundred years later, both became Gu Immortals, becoming a story that spread far and wide in northern plains. And Su Xian's night elopement was also spread wide, encouraging countless women to bravely take the initiative to love.</p> 
<p>Hei Bai's mood became solemn: "Could it be over twenty years ago sister-in-law did not die because of the blessed land's earthly calamity?"</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng scoffed: "There was indeed an earthly calamity, but the earthly calamity was influenced by people. Don't forget brother, old ancestor Giant Sun Immortal Venerable has such methods. Dong Fang tribe has entered Imperial Court many times as a tribe with Huang Jin bloodline, they might have received an inheritance relevant to such methods from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. Sigh, I only have a little evidence, it is not enough to prove Dong Fang Chang Fan as the main culprit."</p> 
<p>Hei Bai remained dazed for quite a while before sighing: "You really can't judge people by appearance."</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng patted his shoulder and comforted in a gentle voice: "Brother, you have become a Gu Immortal for less than ten years. Gu Immortals' circle might not be big, but the treacherous conspiracies inside it are much deeper than between mortals."</p> 
<p>Hei Bai was just about to speak, when his expression blanked: "Hei Lou Lan has send a letter."</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng nodded, and with a shift of his mind, loosened the defense over Xiao Hun blessed land by a little; the space opened up and in flew a butterfly.</p> 
<p>Hei Bai stretched his right hand; this butterfly fluttered and gently landed on his palm.</p> 
<p>This was rank five butterfly letter Gu.</p> 
<p>Hei Bai closed his eyes and concentrated on the butterfly letter Gu from Hei Lou Lan, containing his request.</p> 
<p>"What is it, did that disappointing child of mine ask you for help again?" When Hei Bai opened his eyes, Hei Cheng snorted and asked with a displeased tone.</p> 
<p>Hei Bai forced a smile: "Brother, Hei Lou Lan is you and sister-in-law Su Xian Er's son. Although sister-in-law suffered and fell seriously ill when giving birth to Hei Lou Lan, leading to her strength being greatly diminished and thus passing away in the earthly calamity several years later, the child is still innocent, you should not disregard him because of it. You even gave him to the twenty-seventh concubine Fairy Jiang Yu to adopt and did not allow him to light an incense to pay respects to his own mother."</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng snorted with dissatisfaction, but did not argue.</p> 
<p>Hei Bai sighed: "This is your family affair and it is truly not my place to meddle. But I have given a lot of thoughts to big brother's actions; you sent Hei Lou Lan to be adopted by the childless Fairy Jiang Yu in order to preserve Hei Lou Lan's life though her Immortal Gu Dark Limit. Hei Lou Lan has the ten extreme physique — Great Strength True Martial. To stimulate his spirit, you gave him a condition that as long as he advanced to Gu Immortal, he could light the incense for his mother. Little brother deeply admire your actions, but big brother, your way of doing things will only deepen the misunderstandings between father and son, it is not a good method looking at the long term drawbacks."</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng heaved a sigh, not replying Hei Bai, but instead asked: "What did that child mention in the request?"</p> 
<p>Hei Bai clapped his palm and smiled: "Look big brother, you showed indifference but you still care about nephew's safety in your heart. Nephew hopes we can prepare a mutated wolf group and also a rank five lurking soul coat Gu."</p> 
<p>"Hmph, this kid is truly insolent! Lurking soul coat Gu is okay, but our Hei tribe does not have mutated wolf group."</p> 
<p>"Right now, our Hei tribe is battling Liu tribe, Liu tribe's current generation tribe leader Liu Wen Wu is not someone who can be underestimated. Back then, the inheritance of Harmony Immortal fell in his hand. He has two sworn brothers, both are fierce warriors and can match ten thousand soldiers. However, nephew Lou Lan also has a great general under him - Wolf King Chang Shan Yin. This time's request is because he has placed his hopes on Chang Shan Yin." Hei Bai explained.</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng mumbled: "Rank five lurking soul coat Gu is no issue, I have one with me. But mutated wolf group would have to be purchased from treasure yellow heaven. I will have to request brother for this."</p> 
<p>Hei Bai quickly shook his hand: "Brother, you don't have to be so polite. I still need to rely on nephew to enter Imperial Court and find Immortal Gu Wooden Chicken in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building."</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng heaved a long sigh and said with an exhausted voice: "Great Strength True Martial physique needs a strength path Immortal Gu to advance to Gu Immortal realm. Unfortunately, Immortal Gu are very difficult to find, our Hei tribe also does not have any strength path Immortal Gu. Success and failure is decided by heaven, we can only try our best. We have already done all we can, now everything will depend on Hei Lou Lan's efforts and luck."</p> 
<p><em>'Parents are truly constantly worrying about their children.'</em> Hei Bai sighed inwardly and said his farewell to Hei Cheng.</p> 
<p>After he returned to his Ku Mu blessed land, he immediately connected to treasure yellow heaven and started buying mutated wolves.</p> 
<p>Wolf emperors could be considered as a strength of blessed land, it was very hard to find Gu Immortals selling them. But mutated wolves were only equivalent to rank four and were much easier to find.</p> 
<p>Hei Bai was not worried, mutated beasts were not rare and precious goods and as long as one had sufficient immortal essence stones, they could buy a large group of them.</p> 
<p>Of course, spending a lot to buy the mutated wolf group was a loss to Hei Bai. But he was planning for a Immortal Gu in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, and it was right for him to invest in the early stages.</p> 
<p>Imperial Court blessed land was the work of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, and unless one reached rank nine, no Gu Immortals could enter inside!</p> 
<p>After the news of buying mutated wolf group in high price was spread, Hei Bai soon received a divine sense from someone called 'Fox Immortal'.</p> 
<p>'Fox Immortal' had over a hundred mutated wolves and quoted a rather high price for them, they were clearly taking advantage of Hei Bai's difficulty.</p> 
<p>Hei Bai had already anticipated such a situation, it was only that he had not expected this 'Fox Immortal' to move so quickly at the chance. He gnashed his teeth and bought this group of mutated wolves.</p> 
<p>The one selling this group of mutated wolves was none other than Little Hu Immortal who had received Fang Yuan's instructions.</p> 
<p>Previously, they had resold Immortal Gu recipes and earned dozen or so immortal essence stones; Fang Yuan had then instructed Little Hu Immortal to purchase purple crystal relic Gu and also look for any wolf groups sold cheaply at treasure yellow heaven, and buy them.</p> 
<p>Thus, Hu Immortal blessed land had accumulated over a hundred mutated wolves; among them were blood forest wolf, berserk wolf, shark fin wolf, white-eyes wolf and others.</p> 
<p>Now, by reselling these mutated wolves at high price to Hei Bai, they had profited quite a bit.</p> 
<p>As for Fang Yuan, he was calmly resting in the camp, waiting for Hei tribe's assistance.</p>
    </body>
</html>
