<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 505: Star Thought Gu</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 505: Star Thought Gu</h1>
        
        <p>"We did not succeed after all..." Dong Fang Yu Liang looked at the rain outside the window with his arms behind his back, sighing.</p> 
<p>This shark fin wolf was captured from the wild intentionally, he paid a hefty price.</p> 
<p>After that, he made some secret markings on the shark fin wolf, and as he was afraid of his enemy finding out, he purposely chose a rank five soul explosion Gu and planted it inside the shark fin wolf.</p> 
<p>Finally, he sent an assassin in the demonic path who was famous in northern plains, Shadow Sword Expert, and gave the corresponding Gu needed to activate the soul explosion to her, instructing carefully.</p> 
<p>This assassination that he planned meticulously, in order to not waste his efforts, he made several simulations, until all the flaws and loopholes were removed.</p> 
<p>Be it the shark fin wolf's body, the location or time it appeared, even the attitude of the Gu Master who discovered the shark fin wolf was considered by him.</p> 
<p>But even so, he did not succeed.</p> 
<p>At the crucial moment, Wolf King Chang Shan Yin found something amiss and ordered someone else to strike. Seeing that the chance was slipping away, Shadow Sword Expert had to activate soul explosion Gu.</p> 
<p>The power of soul explosion was formless and colorless, it could not be seen with the naked eye, but Chang Shan Yin was able to escape at the first moment and reveal the truth.</p> 
<p>As he was restricted by Bian Si Xuan's attacks, he only managed to get to the furthest range of the soul explosion, but in the moment of crisis, he was extremely calm, using the reinforcements as a shield and blocked most of the soul explosion's strength.</p> 
<p>"His reputation matches his abilities, as expected of the Wolf King who shook northern plains." Dong Fang Yu Liang heard Bian Si Xuan's report and raised his evaluation of Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>With a mutated beast before him, he managed to control the temptation. With his vigilant nature, he made the correct judgement in the face of danger, and immediately spotted the soul explosion's range, the callousness of using his own alliance mate as a shield, as well as the calmness to not chase after the perpetrator after being assassinated.</p> 
<p>"Wolf King..." Dong Fang Yu Liang muttered, his heart becoming heavier.</p> 
<p>"Dong Fang alliance leader does not need to worry. Although Chang Shan Yin used a meat shield at the last moment, he was still obstructed by me and was within range of the soul explosion. Furthermore, he was afflicted by my brain explosion Gu, even if this Gu didn't take his life, his battle strength would be greatly affected. We can say that Wolf King is basically crippled now."</p> 
<p>At a corner of the study room, Bian Si Xuan wore black clothes as she stood among the shadow, saying in a cold voice.</p> 
<p>"Brain explosion Gu?" Dong Fang Yu Liang was stunned, this was the first time he had heard of this Gu.</p> 
<p>Bian Si Xuan laughed lightly, explaining to him the origin of this Gu.</p> 
<p>"So that's it..." Dong Fang Yu Liang heard this and his eyes shone, he sighed as he thanked Bian Si Xuan: "It was all thanks to Shadow Sword Expert's help this time, but you lost a great trump card in the progress."</p> 
<p>Bian Si Xuan did not speak.</p> 
<p>Actually, her heart was bleeding too.</p> 
<p>Ever since she had tested the effects of brain explosion Gu, she had kept it as one of her trump cards. Many of her assassinations succeeded because of it.</p> 
<p>But when she assassinated Chang Shan Yin, the situation was urgent and she could not kill Chang Shan Yin on the spot, thus she could not retrieve it. When the enemy forces came, she had to retreat to protect herself.</p> 
<p>"This is the reward that you were promised earlier." Dong Fang Yu Liang took out a Gu worm from his aperture.</p> 
<p>This Gu's body was black, it had a horn and square shell. It was fist-sized but gave people a heavy feeling.</p> 
<p>This was the rank four overlapping shadow Gu.</p> 
<p>Bian Si Xuan's gaze landed on overlapping shadow Gu, showing some desire and anxious emotion. Although she had multiple sword shadow Gu, the attacks were dispersed and she would face a tough battle when fighting against a defensive opponent.</p> 
<p>If she could have overlapping shadow Gu, she could overlap the sword shadows together, and form a strong attack. It would be a huge boost to her battle strength.</p> 
<p>But quickly, Bian Si Xuan retracted her gaze, not taking the overlapping shadow Gu.</p> 
<p>In the shadows, her cold voice could be heard carrying some arrogance: "This overlapping shadow Gu will be kept by alliance leader for now, after the Wolf King dies, I will come and take it."</p> 
<p>Saying so, she fused into the shadows, vanishing.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang was slightly stunned, he kept the overlapping shadow Gu back into his aperture.</p> 
<p>"This Shadow Sword Expert is truly a person of her word, no wonder she can gain such success among the large tribes despite being a demonic path Gu cultivator. Many righteous path Gu Masters would spend a heavy sum to hire her. It seems that she is very confident in brain explosion Gu... if this can really get rid of Wolf King, then I will have one less threat to worry about, that is the best case."</p> 
<p>"But what if she fails? What if brain explosion Gu was successfully resolved by Chang Shan Yin? At the crucial moment, he had chosen to deal with the soul explosion Gu and instead allowed the brain explosion Gu to enter his ear, that shows he had some confidence and countermeasure for this problem..."</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang's gaze dimmed: "But Wolf King was indeed affected by the soul explosion... there are more variables now, I have to make new deductions."</p> 
<p>Thinking of this, he moved beside the book shelf and turned the incense holder, opening up a secret tunnel.</p> 
<p>Walking in the secret tunnel, he came to a deep area.</p> 
<p>Here, he had planted an earth bacteria king Gu.</p> 
<p>This Gu was a type of Gu house, the space was cramped inside but it was enough for a person to cultivate. Most importantly, the earth bacteria king Gu had strong defense, it could ensure Dong Fang Yu Liang's safety.</p> 
<p>After he entered the Gu house, Dong Fang Yu Liang closed the exit. The entire earth bacteria king Gu curled into a ball and went further down by a few meters before stopping.</p> 
<p>The earth bacteria king Gu's internal walls were soft and thick, like a carpet. Dong Fang Yu Liang sat down and closed his eyes.</p> 
<p>His mind entered his aperture, activating his rank five primeval essence and injected it into his star thought Gu.</p> 
<p>He started to think —</p> 
<p>"If Wolf King manages to deal with brain explosion, how do I deal with him?"</p> 
<p>The moment this question emerged in his mind, under the effect of star thought Gu, it formed into a thought.</p> 
<p>Ordinary thoughts were formless and without matter, it could exist in the brain.</p> 
<p>But this thought gave off a blue starlight, not only could it be seen with the naked eye, it could also leave his brain and head, flying above Dong Fang Yu Liang.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang quickly thought: "To deal with an enslavement path Gu Master, there are three ways."</p> 
<p>"The first is the supreme method, pitting enslavement path master against enslavement path master." The second thought shining with starlight flew out of Dong Fang Yu Liang's brain, flying together with the first star thought.</p> 
<p>"The second is the domination method, using the beheading leader tactic, charging forward and taking his life from within the army of defense." The third star thought spun around the first star thought as well.</p> 
<p>"This third is the peculiar method, assassinating Chang Shan Yin, using bribes or kinship against him." The fourth star thought flew out as well, coiling together with the previous thoughts and collided at times. But no matter how they clashed, the four thoughts remained as four, there were no changes.</p> 
<p>Soon after, Dong Fang Yu Liang recalled: Our side's military force, the enemy's military force, both side's rations, Chang Shan Yin's personality and motive, all of our expert Gu Masters' information, all of the enemy's expert Gu Masters' information, the recent weather prediction and changes, the terrain of the battlefield, how many mounds, lakes, how many beast groups nearby, whether any forces will intervene...</p> 
<p><em>Poof.</em></p> 
<p>In an instant, thousands of star thoughts formed at once, gushing out of his brain towards Dong Fang Yu Liang's head.</p> 
<p>At once, starlight was shining brightly!</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang's expression paled as his primeval sea level fell drastically.</p> 
<p>He manipulated these star thoughts proficiently.</p> 
<p>Orbs of star thoughts, big and small, the biggest were toe-sized while the smallest were thumb-sized. Within this crowded space, these star thoughts collided with each other.</p> 
<p>Some star thoughts collided and formed into three or four, even five or six new star thoughts.</p> 
<p>Some fused instead, while others split themselves into smaller orbs.</p> 
<p>Hundreds and thousands of thoughts filled the air, they were densely packed, circulating around Dong Fang Yu Liang.</p> 
<p>The primeval sea level continued to fall, Dong Fang Yu Liang's mind was completely focused, manipulating these star thoughts to fuse and collide, or split into new ones.</p> 
<p>Due to his hard work, or through the help of his other wisdom path Gu worms, the star thoughts continued to decrease in number.</p> 
<p>After four hours, from the hundreds and thousands of star thoughts, only eight were left.</p> 
<p>But these eight star thoughts were fist-sized, shining with starlight as they contained a complicated thought.</p> 
<p>As these star thoughts entered Dong Fang Yu Liang's brain, his eyes shone with the light of wisdom.</p> 
<p>He had successfully deduced several methods to deal with Wolf King. These methods were organized and clear, with proper steps to be taken.</p> 
<p>If it was a normal person, they would have to think for a month or two to clear out these thoughts, in fact, it would be difficult to get the solution from among these messy thoughts.</p> 
<p>But using his wisdom path method, Dong Fang Yu Liang spent only four hours and got his answer.</p> 
<p>But these answers were not the only ones.</p> 
<p>Taking out primeval stones to recover his primeval essence, Dong Fang Yu Liang rested for a while before starting to analyze the same question again.</p> 
<p>This time, he only spent an hour and obtained seven star thoughts.</p> 
<p>The star thoughts entered his brain, and he got some answers after reading them. These answers were very similar to the ones before, but there were minute details that were different.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang breathed a sigh of relief, finally stopping.</p> 
<p>After a while, he relied on his primeval stones to recover his primeval essence back to its peak condition.</p> 
<p>But in the depths of his soul, there was a strong sense of fatigue circulating around him, he could not get rid of it.</p> 
<p>The deductions of wisdom path not only expended primeval essence when activating Gu worms, it also expended the soul's energy. The more deductions made, or the grander the scale of the thoughts, the longer the deduction would take, and the greater the burden on the soul.</p> 
<p>Feeling a sense of weakness was normal, if the difficulty of the deduction was higher, the soul might get damaged, or he might even die!</p> 
<p>Of course, as a rank five wisdom path Gu Master, Dong Fang Yu Liang who had received guidance from a Gu Immortal naturally had a complete set of Gu worms.</p> 
<p>Rank four, refine essence spirit Gu!</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang's body became thinner immediately, as the vitality in his body was converted by the refine essence spirit Gu into resources for his soul.</p> 
<p>The soul was nourished, and his fatigue faded quickly.</p> 
<p>But a strong sense of hunger soon assaulted him.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang rubbed his tummy, laughing bitterly in his heart: "Refine essence spirit Gu, a secretly passed down Gu in my Dong Fang tribe, it can heal the soul well but it does not treat the core of the issue. Soul path and wisdom path are closely related, if I can get the legendary guts Gu, I would be able to make deductions as I wish. Even if my soul gets damaged, I can easily heal it. What a pity that guts Gu can only be found on Dang Hun mountain..."</p>
    </body>
</html>
