<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 621: Fighting Hei Lou Lan</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 621: Fighting Hei Lou Lan</h1>
        
        <p>In the true inheritance secluded domain, all of the true inheritances had Giant Sun's will in them. Otherwise, how could all these fated individuals succeed in taking these inheritances, especially those Immortal Gu?</p> 
<p>It was just like charging through rounds in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.</p> 
<p>In every one of the rounds that had Gu worms as rewards, these Gu worms were all refined by Giant Sun's will in advance.</p> 
<p>When these Gu Masters succeed and obtain the Gu worms, they are able to refine these Gu worms instantly and keep them in their aperture because Giant Sun's will was purposely letting them have the Gu.</p> 
<p>Because of this reason, as long as a Gu Master is willing to give his Gu worm away to someone else, they can always create a phenomenon of 'instant refinement'.</p> 
<p>Earlier, when Giant Sun's will was slumbering, the refinement of wild Gu worms was extremely slow. When Fang Yuan first ventured into True Yang Building, he made use of this loophole.</p> 
<p>Every true inheritance was governed by Giant Sun's will.</p> 
<p>The reason why the luck path supreme true inheritance did not fly towards Ma Hong Yun earlier was due to this.</p> 
<p>But now the true inheritance flew into Ma Hong Yun's arms and made him its master, this was not Giant Sun's will's intention.</p> 
<p>What Giant Sun's will wanted was to control Ma Hong Yun, why would he allow him to grow stronger and become more uncontrollable?</p> 
<p>Thus, the truth was revealed!</p> 
<p>Within the luck path supreme true inheritance, there was no Giant Sun's will.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will retreated on his own, this allowed the supreme true inheritance to act on its own.</p> 
<p>Thereafter, the newly created wild Gu will went towards Ma Hong Yun.</p> 
<p>This created another question.</p> 
<p>Why would Giant Sun's will retreat for no reason?</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought about the second time he struck and was about to kill Ma Hong Yun, but out of nowhere Giant Sun's will appeared!</p> 
<p>At this point, it was no longer a mystery.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan used the third method, temporarily expelling Giant Sun's will out of True Yang Building.</p> 
<p>Afterwards, he entered True Yang Building and successfully convinced Tai Bai Yun Sheng to revive Dang Hun mountain.</p> 
<p>After that he came back, attempting to control Imperial Court blessed land. During the second attempt when he tried to kill Ma Hong Yun, he was obstructed by a sudden burst of Giant Sun's will.</p> 
<p>At that point, Fang Yuan was very confused.</p> 
<p>But now, he understood.</p> 
<p>This mysterious Giant Sun's will was pulled out of those true inheritances.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will was anxious at that time, in order to salvage the situation, he took this step.</p> 
<p>He almost succeeded by doing this, but unfortunately, Fang Yuan was too resolute, he directly faced off against him.</p> 
<p>Eventually, this forcefully extracted Giant Sun's will was left with a final small portion that controlled this round.</p> 
<p>"This means, the luck path supreme true inheritance was able to save Ma Hong Yun because of me? If I did not expel Giant Sun's will out of the tower, if I did not face off against Giant Sun's will, why would this happen now?"</p> 
<p>"To think that this third attempt was thwarted by myself after all!"</p> 
<p>Thinking so, Fang Yuan sighed deeply as his killing intent towards Ma Hong Yun vanished without a trace.</p> 
<p>The current Ma Hong Yun was protected by the luck path true inheritance. As a mortal, it was impossible for Fang Yuan to break through this defense.</p> 
<p>"Sigh, I told you to save him earlier, you refused to listen!" In his mind, Mo Yao calmed down and sighed in pity.</p> 
<p>Her tone carried some grievance: "If you had saved them, you would gain Ma Hong Yun's recognition and become protected by the luck path true inheritance just like Zhao Lian Yun. The current luck path true inheritance is a newborn wild will, it is like a baby without any internal defenses. If you are inside the luck path inheritance, you will be able to learn about the details of this true inheritance! This is an immense opportunity, but you gave it up..."</p> 
<p>Helping Ma Hong Yun would result in benefits. Dealing with Ma Hong Yun would result in Fang Yuan's current heavy injuries.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan snickered.</p> 
<p>He already did it, there was not a bit of regret in his heart.</p> 
<p>He quickly retreated while healing his injuries, meanwhile replying to Mo Yao: "Even if I cannot do anything to this luck path true inheritance, do you think Giant Sun's will would do nothing?"</p> 
<p>This luck path true inheritance is one of the three supreme true inheritances inside the true inheritance secluded domain. Why would Giant Sun's will allow it to acknowledge a new master like this?</p> 
<p>In Giant Sun's will's heart, it was not unacceptable to pass this luck path true inheritance to Ma Hong Yun.</p> 
<p>But Ma Hong Yun's heart was with an otherworldly demon, that was a huge taboo!</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will was a special will, when the main body first created it, he assigned a special meaning for it to 'do its best to slaughter any otherworldly demon it comes into contact with'.</p> 
<p>Now that Zhao Lian Yun was protected by the luck path true inheritance, if Giant Sun's will wanted to kill this otherworldly demon, he would need to remove the luck path true inheritance's hindrance.</p> 
<p>Thus, the entire forest flew into a rage.</p> 
<p>Countless treemen were uprooted, encircling the luck path true inheritance.</p> 
<p>Large numbers of treemen were entangling with each other, all of their roots and vines were coiling around each other to form huge treemen, each were at least three hundred meters tall, their aura was shocking to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will put in all its effort in order to kill Zhao Lian Yun!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan managed to retreat successfully.</p> 
<p>Exterminating the otherworldly demon was Giant Sun's will's most important mission. With the appearance of the luck path true inheritance, his attention was drawn over.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was a threat that ranked much lower than them.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will also knew that he could do nothing to Fang Yuan now. Weighing the two sides, and because Giant Sun's will had limited strength, he decided to focus solely on dealing with the luck path true inheritance.</p> 
<p>Very soon, Fang Yuan got close to the place Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan were fighting at.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was suppressed, but Hei Lou Lan had no ability to claim victory either.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a healing Gu Master and a flying master, the former allowed him to specialize in drawn out battles, while the latter allowed him to escape like a slippery eel, he was hard to pin down.</p> 
<p>The two's battle had turned into a stalemate.</p> 
<p>The two fought from the sky to the ground, their attacks were fierce and the battle brought disaster to the nearby trees, causing the surroundings to be full of fallen trees and debris.</p> 
<p>"Senior brother Tai Bai, let me help you!" Fang Yuan shouted.</p> 
<p>'Senior brother', these two words triggered Hei Lou Lan as he immediately thought of central continent. That was because in the five regions, the other four regions were overwhelmingly family based inheritances, only central continent was dominated by a sect based system.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan's eyes were staring wide, as he screamed like a bear: "You are a scoundrel that had planned for a long time indeed! You two sect brothers have hidden yourselves deeply! Right now, since you are seeking your own death, I will grant you your wish!"</p> 
<p>Saying this, he aimed at Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng and sent four punches at them.</p> 
<p>The fist qi burst out, transforming into a human strength phantom in midair, having Hei Lou Lan's appearance.</p> 
<p>The four fist shadows split up, one of them charged towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng, while the other three went towards Fang Yuan!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was a mortal, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a Gu Immortal, targeting the weakest link was a common strategy.</p> 
<p>Three human strength phantoms attacked Fang Yuan, and the last one was to prevent Tai Bai Yun Sheng from reinforcing him.</p> 
<p>"Quickly retreat!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng was shocked, he gave a quick warning.</p> 
<p>He was very familiar with this strength path killer move's power.</p> 
<p>He had obtained a lot of defensive Gu worms in Hu Immortal blessed land thanks to Fang Yuan's gift.</p> 
<p>But after battling for so long, Tai Bai Yun Sheng's defensive Gu worms were mostly dead, he even suffered heavy injuries several times, it showed the power of Hei Lou Lan's strength path killer move!</p> 
<p>Three human strength phantoms flew over with an imposing aura, whipping up a fierce wind.</p> 
<p>"What a strong killer move!" Even Mo Yao's will in his mind praised upon seeing this: "Be careful, Hei Lou Lan's strength path killer move definitely surpasses your four arm earth king killer move!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan snickered, he showed no fear but instead, oozed with battle intent, ready to fight.</p> 
<p>"Of course I won't use four arm earth king, because I have an even stronger strength path killer move." Saying this, he paused for a while, before shouting: "Come, six arm heavenly zombie king!"</p> 
<p>Bam!</p> 
<p>A formless aura burst out.</p> 
<p>The horrifying pressure flooded the surrounding area.</p> 
<p>Intense pain could be felt, like surging waves, they attacked one's heart!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan however, felt immeasurable pleasure, his body expanded rapidly, his skin lost its gloss and moisture, becoming dark and hard.</p> 
<p>His defense rose rapidly!</p> 
<p>In just a moment, he transformed into a six metre tall giant.</p> 
<p>On his back, six huge monstrous arms grew out, the fingers were thick and scary, each having their own distinctive appearance, it made people feel fear upon seeing them.</p> 
<p>Three human strength phantoms arrived before Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>"Good timing." Fang Yuan muttered, facing them head on with no fear!</p> 
<p>As fists and legs clashed, they fought directly!</p> 
<p>Bam bam bam...</p> 
<p>Thunderous explosions occurred endlessly.</p> 
<p>Be it Fang Yuan, or Hei Lou Lan's three human strength phantoms, they had great power and each of their blows tore through the air.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng had a worried expression, but after watching for a few breaths' time, his eyes expanded.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was a mere mortal, but he could face off against three human strength phantoms at once.</p> 
<p>The two were evenly matched!</p> 
<p>But the three human strength phantoms had sentience, after failing to take him down, they started cooperating, pincer attacking Fang Yuan from his front, upper left corner, and lower right corner.</p> 
<p>"Be careful!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng shouted to warn him, he had previously suffered greatly due to this.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed heartily, displaying his grand demeanour.</p> 
<p>He had previously activated his killer move, growing six monstrous arms, with his own two arms, he had eight arms.</p> 
<p>The eight arms moved in a circular motion, the punches were executed like a fierce rain, it defended him tightly. He managed to completely block the three human strength phantoms attacking from all directions without a single weak point.</p> 
<p>"He actually blocked it, this killer move..." Hei Lou Lan's heart jumped, his expression turned grim.</p> 
<p>"Sigh, half an immortal's battle strength, this guy is a monster..." Tai Bai Yun Sheng saw this and sighed. He was surprised, and yet not surprised.</p> 
<p>Thinking of his master, everything could be explained.</p> 
<p>Thus, Tai Bai Yun Sheng's heart was at ease, he could concentrate on dealing with the human strength phantom fighting against him.</p> 
<p>He waved his sleeve, and countless lights flew out from it.</p> 
<p>Chainsaw wind blade, flame sword flash, azure blue water python, golden silk net...</p> 
<p>Up to a hundred Gu worms were activated at once, they gave off a dazzling rainbow light, resembling fireworks.</p> 
<p>The human strength phantom was covered by the smoke, its speed became slower, thus it immediately changed directions and shot out like lightning.</p> 
<p>But Tai Bai Yun Sheng's attacks followed after it, it was unceasing.</p> 
<p>A fireworks-like display of attacks were unleashed endlessly.</p> 
<p>The human strength phantom had the ability to think, it knew how to fly in an arc, attempting to get close to Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>But Tai Bai Yun Sheng also retreated at the same time, while his attacks showed no signs of slowing down.</p> 
<p>He was a Gu Immortal with near limitless primeval essence. If not for the fact that he had just become a Gu Immortal and had not made any accumulations, resulting in a low quantity of Gu worms, he would have hundreds and thousands of Gu worms, once used together, they would create a terrifying attack.</p> 
<p>Human strength phantom could block most of the attacks, but under the flurry of attacks, it continued to be weakened, and the phantom was turning lighter and more transparent.</p> 
<p>But Hei Lou Lan's motive had been achieved.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not have a strong attacking method, he could only weaken the human strength phantom slowly.</p> 
<p>He was old and wise, but because he was vigilant and had never charged ahead courageous, it was difficult for him to be an effective reinforcement for Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>This was because of his nature, otherwise, back then, he would not have chosen the 'as before' time path inheritance from the three immortal inheritances.</p> 
<p>However, even though Hei Lou Lan achieved his goals in this battle, he was unable to be happy.</p> 
<p>That was because he realized — Fang Yuan did not need reinforcements!</p> 
<p>Over there, Fang Yuan was fighting three human strength phantoms at once, both sides used attacks to counter attacks, the six arm heavenly zombie king's defense was truly astounding.</p> 
<p>"Hahaha!" Fang Yuan got more ferocious as he fought, his punches and kicks were lively and their speed was increasing. In the end, his fist shadows turned into a black afterimage from his sheer speed!</p> 
<p>The three human strength phantoms were expended greatly in the battle.</p> 
<p>Bam, bam, bam.</p> 
<p>Three explosions occurred, the three human strength phantoms could not sustain themselves anymore and were smashed to bits, turning into fist qi and vanishing.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan's pupils shrunk, but the battle intent in his heart surged like raging tides.</p> 
<p>"Interesting, this killer move is very powerful, it is almost on par with my killer move. But most importantly, he has such rich battle experience, his physical combat skills can be said to be at a master's level! If it were others, they might not be able to unleash the power of this killer move to such an extent!"</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan licked his lips, his eyes were shining with ruthlessness and excitement.</p> 
<p>The earlier attack was not his full strength, he was only probing.</p> 
<p>The battle with Tai Bai Yun Sheng was very annoying, because Tai Bai Yun Sheng was escaping most of the time, while Hei Lou Lan could not catch up to him, thus he could not use any of his strength.</p> 
<p>Now that this Fang Yuan who was a tough opponent appeared, his battle intent naturally surged.</p> 
<p>After destroying three human strength phantoms, Fang Yuan did not attack rashly, but instead floated in the same spot.</p> 
<p>The two were about a thousand steps away, and their vicious gazes were colliding.</p> 
<p>"Stop fighting, come over here and help!" At this time, Hei Lou Lan heard Giant Sun's will's instructions.</p> 
<p>"But, old ancestor..." Hei Lou Lan hesitated, his battle intent was wavering.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's status in his heart was still very high.</p> 
<p>This was not about personality, but because he had been influenced to feel the pride of his bloodline since he was young. This was a significant element in Hei Lou Lan's self worth.</p> 
<p>"Forget about them. Killing the otherworldly demon and taking back the luck path true inheritance is most important!" Giant Sun's will replied quickly: "This is the only record of this luck path true inheritance that I left behind in the entire world. Even in Longevity Heaven, I did not leave behind any details regarding it. I am about to open the entrance to the true inheritance secluded domain, you will go and help push this luck path true inheritance into the secluded domain."</p> 
<p>This round was already controlled by Giant Sun's will, the treemen filled the area like a sea. However, even though Giant Sun's will had the ability to break apart the luck path true inheritance by force, he could not do so.</p> 
<p>Firstly, it took too much time, that could lead to unexpected consequences.</p> 
<p>Secondly, breaking apart the luck path true inheritance was the same as destroying the supreme true inheritance.</p>
    </body>
</html>
