<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 611: Landscape As Before</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 611: Landscape As Before</h1>
        
        <p>"Luck inspection Gu!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's heart moved, quickly sending his primeval essence into the Gu.</p> 
<p>The next moment, his vision changed.</p> 
<p>Luck inspection Gu, a rank five luck path investigative Gu, it could allow him to see luck despite its formlessness.</p> 
<p>Looking at Tai Bai Yun Sheng's luck now, his previous fiery red luck that was originally burning with a glowing red glow had shrunken by a bit.</p> 
<p>"Earlier, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's will was helping him, thus his luck was being expended. Now that he helped once more, Tai Bai Yun Sheng has only a third of his initial luck left." Fang Yuan evaluated.</p> 
<p>Looking at his own luck, it was still the black coffin luck, as rich and dense as ink, and even larger than before.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's heart jumped, but quickly snickered to himself, looking at the people in the blessed land.</p> 
<p>The people who were watching Tai Bai Yun Sheng ascend to immortal realm had changes to their luck as well.</p> 
<p>The overwhelming majority of the Gu Masters had unwittingly developed a small layer of black coffin luck.</p> 
<p>Except for Hei Lou Lan, he still had his unchanged profuse azure luck.</p> 
<p>Looking around, Fang Yuan felt his eyes hurting, he quickly stopped using the luck inspection Gu.</p> 
<p>When a Gu Master ascends, there would be endless heaven and earth qi, using Gu worms in such an environment would cause a backlash.</p> 
<p>If he forcefully continued to use them, both he and his Gu worms would suffer injuries, or even face death.</p> 
<p>As his vision returned to normal, Fang Yuan looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng again.</p> 
<p>He was swimming in the thunderstorm, flying through the crevices of the clouds, showing off his master level flying attainment.</p> 
<p>His body had no more defensive Gu, he was relying on his movement to evade the chaotic lightning balls, it was like walking on a tightrope, he was in great danger.</p> 
<p>In order to avoid the earthly calamity of restraining smoke, he charged into the thunder clouds, this was a wise decision when weighing the two difficulties, but it was also a helpless choice.</p> 
<p>"If not for the fact that I have green grape immortal essence, and can dilute it to form endless primeval essence, such an insane flying speed would have drained my aperture dry long ago." Tai Bai Yun Sheng was breathing roughly, his hair was in a mess and his body was feeling weak, the situation was getting more dangerous.</p> 
<p>Swoosh!</p> 
<p>Suddenly, a chaotic lightning ball changed directions and charged towards him.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng wanted to evade it, but it was too late, he could only stare indignantly with a furious gaze.</p> 
<p>In the moment of crisis, a white light pillar shot over, directly hitting this chaotic lightning ball.</p> 
<p>The lightning ball quickly melted from the ray of light, turning into pure heaven qi.</p> 
<p>Divert disaster Gu!</p> 
<p>Eighty-Eight True Yang Building's help came once again, saving Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>"So close, even though I became a Gu Immortal, I do not have any defenses on me, if I was hit by the chaotic lightning ball, I'd be heavily injured, the consequences are unthinkable!"</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng swallowed his saliva, feeling some lingering fear.</p> 
<p>After becoming a Gu Immortal, the foundation of his life had been elevated. If he was still a mortal, a chaotic lightning ball could easily kill him. Gu Immortals however, were tougher, even without any defensive Gu, they could endure over a dozen lightning balls without any problems.</p> 
<p>But the thing was, these lightning balls had special effects.</p> 
<p>After being hit, they would cause Tai Bai Yun Sheng's thoughts to be chaotic, once his mind is in chaos he would not be able to think properly.</p> 
<p>At this crucial moment, as long as Tai Bai Yun Sheng stops in the air for a moment, he would be attacked by countless lightning balls at once.</p> 
<p>If he was hit by these lightning balls consecutively, Tai Bai Yun Sheng would have no chance to gather his thoughts, he would just be drowned under the endless lightning balls.</p> 
<p>"Quickly look, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building saved Tai Bai Yun Sheng once again."</p> 
<p>"That's right, this has already happened at least ten times."</p> 
<p>"With True Yang Building's help, it seems Tai Bai Yun Sheng's tribulation will succeed without fail!"</p> 
<p>Outside, everyone saw this with amazed and envious expressions.</p> 
<p>"Such intensive assistance, will it really work?" Hei Lou Lan's eyes were shining brilliantly, he saw the situation with a different perspective.</p> 
<p>In such an environment, when heaven and earth qi were rampaging, usage of any Gu worm would create a huge backlash.</p> 
<p>Divert disaster Gu was no exception.</p> 
<p>In the history of Gu Masters, there were many instances of Gu Immortals helping out during the tribulation, and eventually the backlash destroying their Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Except that most people were ignorant and did not know such secrets.</p> 
<p>"Divert disaster Gu is one of the foundational pieces of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, it is used for Imperial Court blessed land to divert away disasters. Without it, Imperial Court blessed land would face terrifying earthly calamities and heavenly tributations. Giant Sun's will would not sacrifice such a precious Gu for Tai Bai Yun Sheng, that means the reinforcement of Giant Sun's will is limited... What happens now is most crucial, it will depend on Tai Bai Yun Sheng, whether he can quickly survive the calamity and tribulation in the immortal aperture." Fang Yuan was expressionless as he sat on the azure wolf king's back, watching with growing tension.</p> 
<p>After all, landscape as before Gu was one of his main goals in coming to northern plains.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's speed started to slow down.</p> 
<p>He was facing troubles both in his aperture and outside of it, the land spirit was causing him harm, while the calamity and tribulation was forming in his own immortal aperture due to his mortal Gu's ascension.</p> 
<p>This internal threat especially, it was taking away much of his attention, thus his reactions toward the outside world were getting slower.</p> 
<p>Suddenly, his body shook, completely stopping his movements.</p> 
<p>Immediately after, countless chaotic lightning balls flew towards him.</p> 
<p>Divert disaster light pillar was shining brilliantly, it burst out and surrounded Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>"Now is the most crucial time!" Fang Yuan, Hei Lou Lan, Ye Lui Sang and others could see clearly that this was it, their eyes were shining.</p> 
<p>At this moment, in Tai Bai Yun Sheng's immortal aperture, bright light exploded, engulfing the entire small world.</p> 
<p>The aura of the Immortal Gu was spewing out like a fountain.</p> 
<p>In that bright light, an Immortal Gu was rising up slowly.</p> 
<p>It looked like a ladybug, it was fist sized and had a jade body. On its round back, there were natural markings, half was of rivers and seas, while the other half was of valleys and mountains.</p> 
<p>"So this Immortal Gu was created by combining River as Before and Mountain as Before. It seems the effect is also the product of River as Before and Mountain as Before, but elevated." Tai Bai Yun Sheng analyzed.</p> 
<p>This was refined during the resonance of heaven and earth, it was not refined by him personally, thus, he was still unclear towards the effect of Landscape as Before.</p> 
<p>After looking at it for a few breaths' time, Tai Bai Yun Sheng placed his attention on the most central area of the blessed land.</p> 
<p>Immortal Gu Landscape as Before, it was not part of his goal, only an additional surprise.</p> 
<p>Now at the center of the blessed land, man as before Gu had turned into a huge cocoon, but cracks were starting to develop on it. Dazzling rainbow light was leaking from the cracks.</p> 
<p>Breaking the cocoon and becoming a butterfly!</p> 
<p>As the thick cocoon vanished, a colorful butterfly fluttered into the sky. Wherever it went, rainbow light rained down, trailing behind the butterfly's path as a curvy rainbow was formed behind it.</p> 
<p>"Success, Immortal Gu Man as Before! Ahahaha..." Seeing this, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was extremely happy, he laughed maniacally.</p> 
<p>So many years of accumulation, so many years of anticipation and worry, so many times he had fallen into grave danger, but at this moment, he obtained a perfect result!</p> 
<p>But his internal threat still remained.</p> 
<p>In the immortal aperture, the azure tribulation cloud was rumbling, forming a huge green scaled snake, the snake had a silver horn on its head, and its body was hundreds of metres long, the snake tail had turned into qi, fusing with the tribulation cloud.</p> 
<p>As for the ground, it started shaking, making loud sounds that resembled thunder, causing pain to the eardrums.</p> 
<p>The newly formed earth burst out with cracks, as lava spewed out of it, the smoke was thick as trees as the surroundings withered.</p> 
<p>"Heavenly tribulation — silver horn green scale python, earthly calamity — molten earth!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng's heart shook, facing both the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity alone at the same time, he felt an immense pressure.</p> 
<p>He placed his hopes on the Immortal Gu Landscape as Before.</p> 
<p>"Come." He willed, as a bead of green grape immortal essence flew out, fusing into the landscape as before Gu.</p> 
<p>The ladybug-like landscape as before Gu immediately flapped its wings, flying away like a flash of lightning.</p> 
<p>Everywhere it went, in the surroundings, the land returned to spring as the landscape was restored to normal, back to the moment before the earthly calamity struck.</p> 
<p>"Good Gu, good Gu!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng's heart settled, with landscape as before Immortal Gu, he had no fear towards the earthly calamity.</p> 
<p>Hisss—!</p> 
<p>The silver horn green scale python opened its mouth, making a shrill sound.</p> 
<p>It shot out abruptly, its huge body bringing along a draft of wind, as it pounced on the landscape as before Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was nervous, although Immortal Gu had huge capabilities, those which were not defensive Gu were usually fragile. Landscape as before Gu was the same, if it was destroyed by the silver horn green scale python, Tai Bai Yun Sheng's situation would turn bad.</p> 
<p>Thankfully, landscape as before Gu was born from his aperture during the resonance of heaven and earth, he could control it like moving his limbs.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng had deep foundations accumulated in his life, he quickly mobilized landscape as before Immortal Gu and escaped. The silver horn green scale python behind him had attacked dozens of times, it destroyed mountains and rivers, the earth was pierced and rocks were sent flying, as savage winds ravaged the land.</p> 
<p>"Oh no! At this rate..." Tai Bai Yun Sheng was concentrating intensely, after a few breaths' time, sweat started forming on his forehead.</p> 
<p>His eyes were shut tight, his body was still floating in the air, as the chaotic lightning balls crashed towards him.</p> 
<p>But thankfully, due to the divert disaster Immortal Gu's light pillar, his body was protected.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was unable to care about the outside world since long ago, but he had not forgotten his external threat.</p> 
<p>This terrible situation forced him to cut his losses decisively.</p> 
<p>"Eighty-Eight True Yang Building's reinforcement is limited, it might stop anytime. I can only do this... With man as before Immortal Gu in my possession, as long as I have time, there is hope! Cut, cut it off!"</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng shouted in his heart.</p> 
<p>Abandoning the territories to protect his headquarters, he gave up a portion of his immortal aperture, the sky began to cut apart.</p> 
<p>The blessed land was the foundation and base of a Gu Immortal, cutting off the blessed land was like self-mutilation, it reduced their own strength and potential.</p> 
<p>But Tai Bai Yun Sheng had no other choice.</p> 
<p>Just like how Fang Yuan survived the earthly calamity back in Hu Immortal blessed land, in order to get rid of the blue charm lightning shadow, he discarded a portion of the blessed land, Tai Bai Yun Sheng also had to make such a sacrifice!</p> 
<p>The blessed land's sky was shaved off layer by layer.</p> 
<p>Along with the thick tribulation clouds, they were all sent out of his body.</p> 
<p>Outside his body, it was Imperial Court blessed land, Frost Jade Peacock joyfully chirped as it devoured these blessed land fragments, to increase its own strength.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will shouted in anger.</p> 
<p>He was trying to protect Tai Bai Yun Sheng's life, but the latter was now fueling his enemy's strength!</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will had to protect him, because if Tai Bai Yun Sheng died, his entire immortal aperture would be devoured by Imperial Court blessed land.</p> 
<p>Most importantly, divert disaster Immortal Gu was already full of cracks, if he reinforced Tai Bai Yun Sheng any more, the Gu might get destroyed from the backlash.</p> 
<p>Divert disaster Immortal Gu was one of the foundation pieces of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, it could not be lost!</p> 
<p>But if Tai Bai Yun Sheng died, it was similarly disadvantageous for Giant Sun's will.</p> 
<p>At once, Giant Sun's will fell into a difficult predicament.</p>
    </body>
</html>
