<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 523: Tai Bai Yun Sheng</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 523: Tai Bai Yun Sheng</h1>
        <p><a epub:type="noteref" href="#n1"></a></p>
        <p>The weather was gradually starting to get cold and gales started blowing over the grassland causing the beast groups to become fretful.</p> 
<p>The aura of the ten year blizzard was already manifesting.</p> 
<p>And in the majestic northern plains, heroes were rising and vying for supremacy causing the flames of war to burn everywhere.</p> 
<p>Mirror lake.</p> 
<p>Ma tribe and Song tribe had officially started their battle.</p> 
<p>Both of them had erected three to four defense lines before starting this confrontation.</p> 
<p>In Ma tribe's main tent, Ma tribe leader Ma Shang Feng was in the main seat looking with a heavy gaze at Song tribe's dense battle formation that was surging battle intent; Ma tribe's military force was stronger than theirs, but it would not be easy getting the victory.</p> 
<p>"Lord alliance leader, please send me out to challenge enemy general and raise our army's prestige!"</p> 
<p>"Alliance leader, Fei Sheng requests to be sent to battle."</p> 
<p>"The first battle belongs to me, no one shall compete with me!"</p> 
<p>Gu Masters were very impatient and eager as they requested to be sent to battle one after another,</p> 
<p>Ma Shang Feng looked around him before hesitating at Fei Sheng and Cheng Hu.</p> 
<p>The two were both rank four Gu Masters. Fei Sheng cultivated wood path and had been taken in by Ma tribe after they annexed Fei tribe. Cheng Hu cultivation transformation path and came from Cheng tribe. Cheng tribe was subjugated by Ma tribe during heroes assembly and was now the second most influential force in Ma tribe army.</p> 
<p>Ma Shang Feng pondered and then smiled towards Cheng Hu: "Cheng Hu, you shall go first and stimulate my army's morale."</p> 
<p>Cheng Hu was overjoyed as he hurriedly bowed and rushed towards the frontline.</p> 
<p>"Hah, I am Cheng Hu, who dares to approach their death?" Cheng Hu challenged loudly.</p> 
<p>"Arrogant! Let me Su Yi teach you a lesson!" A rank four expert flew out of Song tribe army.</p> 
<p>Cheng Hu did not say anything else but directly pounced towards the other person.</p> 
<p><em>Bam bam bam...</em></p> 
<p>The two were incomparably valiant and attacked with grand momentum. For a moment, the stronger and the weaker side could not be determined; the two continued to exchange moves, sending rocks, grass and mud flying around in their battle ring.</p> 
<p>The two armies concentrated on the battle with all their attention.</p> 
<p>Lower ranked Gu Masters felt their heart shaking, while the upper ranked Gu Master experts were fired up.</p> 
<p>Northern plains was filled with many brave heroes and the blood of warriors permeated the bones of their Gu Master!</p> 
<p>"Alliance leader, Fei Sheng requests to be sent to battle!" Fei Sheng shouted with a fierce glint in his eyes. He was a newly subjugated person and was filled with enthusiasm to show his loyalty.</p> 
<p>Ma Shang Feng nodded with a smile.</p> 
<p>Fei Sheng went to the battlefield and Song tribe army also sent their expert to battle him.</p> 
<p>The two had just exchanged three moves when at the other battle ring, Cheng Hu suddenly roared, his whole body giving off dazzling orange light.</p> 
<p>After the orange light dispersed, he had unexpectedly transformed into a striped tiger king, the size of an elephant!</p> 
<p>Cheng Hu was a transformation path Gu Master and could change parts of his body into a tiger tail, tiger claws, tiger skin and so on. The complete transformation was a killer move!</p> 
<p>This was also the superiority of transformation path — every transformation path Gu Master possessed at least one killer move as long as they collected the respective Gu worms!</p> 
<p>Su Yi turned pale with fright and started to retreat in panic.</p> 
<p>The tiger king pounced on him; Su Yi frantically activated his movement Gu and narrowly dodged this attack.</p> 
<p>The tiger king swung his tail without turning around; the tail lashed through the air like a steel whip, producing an explosive sound through the air.</p> 
<p>Su Yi quickly activated his defense Gu which created a light barrier over his whole body.</p> 
<p>But the tiger whip was very powerful and as it fell on the light barrier, the barrier was broken in an instant.</p> 
<p>The defense Gu died and Su Yi spurted out a large mouthful of blood due to the backlash. He hurriedly tried to retreat, but it was too late.</p> 
<p>An intense bloody wind pounced on his face and the next moment he only saw a huge tiger mouth shrouding over his head.</p> 
<p>Crack!</p> 
<p>The tiger king directly bit apart Su Yi's head.</p> 
<p>Cheng Hu won, obtaining the first victory for Ma tribe!</p> 
<p>Song tribe's higher ups were slightly moved while Ma tribe's troops rejoiced.</p> 
<p>'Victory! A great start means half the success! Today, my army will definitely win!' In the main tent, Ma Ying Jie clenched his fists, an extraordinary light flashing past his eyes as his spirits roused to the limit.</p> 
<p>And on another battlefield...</p> 
<p>In the vast battlefield, one side was shouting in high spirits with their banners fluttering grandly in the air. While the other side's army formation was shaking, their morale low and was already showing signs of defeat.</p> 
<p>"Alliance leader Luo, the enemy's momentum is too fierce, we can't hold them back!"</p> 
<p>"We need to retreat..."</p> 
<p>"A commander needs to be able to judge the situation properly. Right now, Liu tribe's experts are like tigers, our army truly cannot match them."</p> 
<p>The several higher ranked Gu Masters shouted hurriedly, all of them panicked.</p> 
<p>Luo Bo Jun looked around him and smiled bitterly: "Retreat? Tell me, where can we still retreat to? This is already our last defense line. Sigh... forget it, since the battle with Liu Wen Wu started, which of our defense lines could hold for more than three days? They are way too strong, we might as well surrender!"</p> 
<p>In the first battle, Luo Bo Jun was heavily injured by Liu Wen Wu, Mo Shi Kuang and others; he had yet to recover from it.</p> 
<p>These days, Luo tribe army kept on being defeated again and again, no matter how much efforts he made, he was unable to reverse the situation. Now, as he completely realized the enormous gap between the two sides, he became disheartened and had already lost any intent to battle.</p> 
<p>The higher ranked Gu Masters let out a sigh of relief at this. Because of poison vow, they could not easily say it, but since Luo Bo Jun himself mentioned surrendering, there was no problem.</p> 
<p>The command to surrender was quickly spread and the battle also soon calmed down.</p> 
<p>"Hahaha, didn't I say it, as long as we three brothers join hands, we can rule the world!" Mo Shi Kuang laughed heartily, extremely proud of himself.</p> 
<p>Liu Wen Wu also laughed, his heart filled with huge joy.</p> 
<p>Liu tribe alliance had won their first battle!</p> 
<p>Now, they would annex the enemy army, take in the captives and increase their strength before continuing forward!</p> 
<p>　　...</p> 
<p>Meng Qiu.</p> 
<p>The leopard group hissed and growled as they fought a bloody battle with rat group.</p> 
<p>The great army of Gu Masters of the both sides instead became a background.</p> 
<p>Nu Er Tu held his hands behind his back with his head high; mutated leopards moved beside him, showing their dignity and prestige.</p> 
<p>By contrast, his opponent Jiang Bao Ya - who was publicly proclaimed as one of the enslavement path masters of northern plains - was sweating greatly and was as pale as paper.</p> 
<p>"Jiang Bao Ya, you have already lost. Do you know how you lost? Your rat group's scale is too large, reaching six hundred and fifty thousand in numbers. Troops are valued for their quality not for their numbers, it is the same with beast groups as well. Now, quietly become a stepping stone for my name to spread in northern plains!" Nu Er Tu lightly spoke but his tranquil voice resounded within everyone's ears.</p> 
<p>"No, I haven't lost yet, I still have my trump card!" Jiang Bao Ya let out a hysterical shout, "I will let you gain a first hand experience in my enslavement path killer move which I have never displayed before — Rat Epidemic!"</p> 
<p>The moment he finished speaking, hundreds of thousands of rats self-destructed at the same time.</p> 
<p>The leopard group suffered disastrous casualties in this chain explosion.</p> 
<p>The ground slightly shook, turfs were flipped over, soil and stones splattered everywhere, and huge amount of yellow poison gas started appearing.</p> 
<p>The surviving leopard group was covered by this poison gas, immediately becoming sickly with their movement slowed down; their battle strength had sharply fallen.</p> 
<p>By contrast, Jiang Bao Ya's rat group moved around in this yellow poison gas without being affected.</p> 
<p>"Hahaha, the final winner is me, Jiang Bao Ya! Young man, you want to step on my position, keep on training for five hundred years more!" Jiang Bao Ya howled with laughter.</p> 
<p>"Hmph! I had intended to keep on hiding it, but since you want to die, don't blame me." Nu Er Tu snorted, a sinister smile appearing on his face.</p> 
<p>He suddenly shouted: "Killer move — Leopard Dash!"</p> 
<p>Howl!</p> 
<p>Leopard group howled and unfolded an unmatchable mad charge.</p> 
<p>"This?!" Jiang Bao Ya's eyes opened wide, the leopard group's battle strength had surged by over two times, furthermore their speed increased by an astonishing eight times!</p> 
<p>Under everyone's dumbfounded look, the leopard group quickly charged out of the area covered by the yellow poison gas and breathed in fresh air, before charging forward like a terrifying tsunami, swallowing and engulfing everything!</p> 
<p>　　...</p> 
<p>Du Jiao.</p> 
<p>A large battle had already ended.</p> 
<p>Fire blazed towards the sky, the whole battlefield covered by raging inferno.</p> 
<p>A Gu Master stood loftily in the inferno like a fire deity.</p> 
<p>He played with the fire in his hand, changing it into all kinds of shapes as he looked at the surrounding Gu Masters with his narrow eyes and spoke, his voice appearing extremely cruel and cold in the blazing inferno: "It is your honor to be defeated by my supreme fire path. Surrender, otherwise... all of you and this lowly grass shall turn into ashes."</p> 
<p>The surrounding Gu Masters looked dejectedly at each other.</p> 
<p>After few breaths of time, they kneeled one after another.</p> 
<p>"I... we... surrender..."</p> 
<p>　</p> 
<p>　...</p> 
<p>After Hei tribe obtained the first victory against Dong Fang tribe, the curtains to many large battles, that had started over Northern Plains, also fell one after another.</p> 
<p>The defeated did not lose everything; some surrendered and some ran away choosing to side with another force. This was only the initial stage of the struggle for Imperial Court, they still had hope and chance.</p> 
<p>The winners swallowed the weak, obtaining huge amounts of war reparations and expanding themself.</p> 
<p>The countless corpses of beast groups, Gu Masters and ordinary mortals instead became nourishments for the grassland, and in the future would sink down under the snowy land, doomed for eternity.</p> 
<p>Winner takes all!</p> 
<p>After resting and reorganizing for over ten days at Cao Fu, Hei Lou Lan finished absorbing the captives, expanding his military strength by sixty percent and resumed the expedition.</p> 
<p>This time, his target was Guan Xi.</p> 
<p id="r1">The Gu tribe<a epub:type="noteref" href="#n1" role="doc-noteref">[1]</a> army stationed there had weak military strength and thus became the optimum target for Hei Lou Lan to expand his force.</p> 
<p>Seven days later, Hei tribe army confronted Gu tribe army.</p> 
<p>Gu tribe suffered a huge defeat at the first battle. Gu tribe alliance leader Gu Guo Long resolutely gave the order to abandon their three defense lines without using them and retreated to their tribe's main camp.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan laughed heartily as he led his army with a crushing momentum.</p> 
<p>But at the final battlefield, he was dumbstruck and asked his subordinates: "How is there a mountain here?"</p> 
<p>Gu tribe army might be weak but they had their own ways. They built up a mountain by piling stones and garrisoned on the mountain, with countless traps set around the foot of the mountain. They occupied the high ground, having huge geographical advantage. Their intention to defend to the death was abundantly clear.</p> 
<p>Hei tribe army attacked several times but were defeated every time, leaving behind large numbers of corpses.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan looked at the battlefield with indifference and did not use his full strength in mobilizing the wolf group, only doing it to show he was putting some effort. Adding in that there were many trees and undergrowth on the mountain, the wolf group could not show their strength properly and were instead separated and killed. Thus, the battle situation might be progressing but it was very slow.</p> 
<p>Above all, Gu tribe army was still continuing to add in stones to the mountain, making this mountain become taller and taller.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan was furious: "Gu Guo Long is as obstinate as the rumors said. After I win, I will definitely step on him to death!"</p> 
<p>However, the situation was still not optimistic.</p> 
<p>Just the rocks dropped by mere mortals possessed the strength of a rank one Gu when dropped from such a height.</p> 
<p>"If I had known this earlier, I would not have come here to chew on such a hard bone!" Hei Lou Lan had the intent to retreat, but right at this time, a person walked out of the camp.</p> 
<p>This person held a letter as he came in front of Hei Lou Lan: "This old man Tai Bai Yun Sheng received benefactor's letter and came to lend you a hand."</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan was joyous as he grabbed this person's hands: "With old sir helping us, we can definitely succeed!"</p> 
<p id="n1" role="doc-footnote" epub:type="footnote">[1] Looks slightly confusing I know. <a href="#r1">Back</a></p>
    </body>
</html>
