<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 501: Five hundred thousand wolves start a war</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 501: Five hundred thousand wolves start a war</h1>
        
        <p>In the grassland shrouded by the night, Sang Yi was running for his life.</p> 
<p>The bone-chilling wind pounced on him, but he, however, was perspiring greatly.</p> 
<p>"Fast, faster!" He screamed in his heart, pouring his primeval essence frantically into his movement Gu.</p> 
<p><em>Howl!</em></p> 
<p>Behind him, a night wolf group was charging towards him. The reason for that was the corpse of a night wolf's cub in Sang Yi's hand; leading to this pursuit that had continued for several minutes.</p> 
<p>If it was before, these few minutes would be gone in a blink of an eye to Sang Yi. But with the myriad wolf group closely chasing him, Sang Yi felt every second of time passing very slowly and unendurably.</p> 
<p>"Finally, I've arrived!" Seeing the small ravine in front of him, Sang Yi burst forth with newfound strength, rushing towards the ravine.</p> 
<p><em>Rumble...</em></p> 
<p>Close to twenty thousand night wolves followed him into the ravine like a dark flood.</p> 
<p>"They have entered!" The Gu Masters lying low in the ravine shouted in joy.</p> 
<p>"Collect the net quickly, don't miss it." A rank three Gu Master who was the leader of this group, sent the command immediately.</p> 
<p>"Earth wall, rise up!" A group of rank two Gu Masters simultaneously activated rank two earth mound Gu.</p> 
<p>With so many earth mound Gu activated together caused the stones on the entrance of this narrow ravine to rapidly rise up, forming into a barrier like that of a rank three earth wall Gu.</p> 
<p>At the same time, on another side of the ravine were dozens of Gu Masters who activated falling stones Gu.</p> 
<p>Large numbers of stones fell down and firmly blocked the entrance.</p> 
<p>The exit to this ravine was already sealed before. Now with the entrance blocked as well, the night wolf group that had entered was like a turtle trapped in a jar.</p> 
<p>The night wolf myriad beast king saw the situation turn bad and immediately led the wolf group to climb up the ravine and cross over it.</p> 
<p>However, at this time, a desolate and magnificent wolf howl resounded through the skies.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was riding on a night wolf emperor, commanding large numbers of night wolves to attack from above.</p> 
<p>The wild night wolf group's eyes turned red and howled furiously, but they hesitated because of the wolf emperor's presence.</p> 
<p>Clear mind Gu!</p> 
<p>With a thought, Fang Yuan summoned a clear mind Gu. This was a rank four Gu; after the primeval essence poured into it, it immediately changed into a cool wind.</p> 
<p>The cool wind blew gently over the area.</p> 
<p>The night wolf group that was starting to turn frenzied due to the effect of onion explosion Gu immediately came to their senses when this cool wind blew over them.</p> 
<p>The wolf emperor howled again, turning this wild night wolf group to fall into a chaotic mess; their formation crumbled and their will to fight received a huge impact.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed and commanded his wolf group to attack for real.</p> 
<p>There were already Gu Masters who were tangling up the wild myriad wolf king.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan first mobilized his wolf group to divide the wild night wolves before nibbling away at them; the whole situation was in his firm control. Then he approached the wild myriad wolf king and then at the opportune time, used rank four wolf enslavement Gu.</p> 
<p>In the end, he only had to pay the lives of few hundred night wolves to smoothly take in this myriad wolf king and close to twenty thousand wolves.</p> 
<p>After this great success, the Gu Masters remained behind to clean up the battlefield while Fang Yuan led the increased wolf group towards the next destination.</p> 
<p>There, another large group of wild night wolf group was waiting for him.</p> 
<p>"You did good." A rank three leader patted Sang Yi's shoulder and gave him five hundred primeval stones along with a rank three Gu, "This is your well deserved reward."</p> 
<p>Sang Yi wiped off the sweat off his forehead and looked at these primeval stones and the Gu while breathing heavily.</p> 
<p>He then looked at the distance, looking at Fang Yuan's receding figure with envy and admiration.</p> 
<p>"Although I am a rank three Gu Master and have some fame in the demonic path, I cannot be compared to Wolf King. This is a true big shot. When will I have such an accomplishment?"</p> 
<p>In this night, Fang Yuan wandered thousands of li and took in seventy thousand wild night wolves.</p> 
<p>Only by dawn when night wolves would not go out to hunt and had all returned to their nest, did Fang Yuan lead the wolf group back to Hei tribe camp.</p> 
<p>After Hei Lou Lan established the alliance, with the concept of safety in numbers, five enormous camps were stationed nearby.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's wolf group was divided among these five camps for the specialized people to feed them.</p> 
<p>These few days, he had taken in large numbers of night wolves; the night wolf group that was only about thirty thousand originally, had now expanded to three hundred twenty thousand!</p> 
<p>The night wolf group had become the greatest force in Fang Yuan's troops in one go.</p> 
<p>Adding in the vermillion flame wolves, wind wolves, water wolves and others, Fang Yuan's wolf group had reached a huge size of five hundred and thirty thousand!</p> 
<p>"It is thanks to the night wolf emperor that I could incorporate the night wolves so easily." Settling down the wolf group, Fang Yuan brought his exhausted body back to the secret room to rest.</p> 
<p>With the increase in the night wolf group, the numbers of myriad wolf kings Fang Yuan had to control also increased by several times.</p> 
<p>These large numbers of night wolf myriad beast kings created a burden on his soul, causing him to feel an increasingly heavy feeling in the depths of his soul.</p> 
<p>After sleeping for hours, Fang Yuan opened his eyes and sat cross-legged on a cushion and continued to cultivate.</p> 
<p>Wolf soul Gu.</p> 
<p>He used the wolf soul Gu, slowly converting his thousand man soul into wolfman soul.</p> 
<p>Previously, he had hundred soul level wolfman soul which had a human body, wolf ears, wolf tail and wolf claws. But afterwards, he used large numbers of guts Gu in Dang Hun mountain and his soul rapidly expanded to thousand man soul; this instead caused the wolf soul Gu's effect to thin out and his soul recovered the appearance of a normal soul.</p> 
<p>The wolf soul Gu's effect was not clear at all, after more than two hours, it only slightly lengthened the wolf ears on Fang Yuan's human soul.</p> 
<p>But to Fang Yuan, the heavy feeling in the depths of his soul had lifted by a lot.</p> 
<p>With wolfman soul, controlling wolf groups would become much easier because the wolves would acknowledge the Gu Master as one of their own kind from the depths of their soul.</p> 
<p>"Unfortunately, I do not have rank five wolf soul Gu and can only use the rank four wolf soul Gu; its effects are clear on hundred man soul, but the effects have great weakened as I progress through thousand man soul."</p> 
<p>After using it for a long time, Fang Yuan stopped it while feeling some regret in his heart.</p> 
<p>However, rank five Gu were never easy to obtain.</p> 
<p>Refining rank four wolf soul Gu required an intact soul of a myriad wolf king. But to refine rank five wolf soul Gu required the soul of a wolf emperor.</p> 
<p>Moreover, even a refinement master would only have about fifty percent chance to successfully refine rank five wolf soul Gu.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had thought of purchasing it in treasure yellow heaven, but when he recalled he only had two immortal essence stones left and the mysterious force hiding in the dark, he dispelled this plan for safety purposes.</p> 
<p>"Although I can't directly buy it in treasure yellow heaven, I have already mentioned this request to Hei Lou Lan. Hei tribe is part of the Huang Jin family and their supreme elders are Gu Immortals, thus they have extremely deep foundations. Two-three days have already gone by, I might as well ask him now."</p> 
<p>With this thought, Fang Yuan walked out of the secret room and met Hei Lou Lan, but he expressed that his hands were tied.</p> 
<p>"Brother Shan Yin, truth be told, I have already written a letter to request it from the supreme elders. But they thought it would be better to give a live wolf emperor instead of rank five wolf soul Gu. And the wolf emperor cannot be given casually as well, their intention is to use battle merits to exchange for it. After all, I need to convince the masses as well."</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan was very cunning, ever since Fang Yuan took the poison vow, his attitude was no longer as cordial as before.</p> 
<p>Together with the fact that he had used large amounts of manpower and physical resources over these days to help Fang Yuan incorporate the night wolf group, he felt he had done more than enough for Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Simultaneously, Fang Yuan's wolf group had expanded to over five hundred thousand in number. Such a large force also caused him to inwardly feel fear. Despite the restriction from poison vow, Hei Lou Lan was subconsciously guarded.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan nodded and expressed his understanding.</p> 
<p>He had also commanded Little Hu Immortal to keep a close watch on treasure yellow heaven to get any wolf emperors native to northern plains.</p> 
<p>Unfortunately, beast emperors were rarely sold. A beast emperor had been put for sale in these days, but it was a boar emperor and not a wolf emperor.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan realized from Hei Lou Lan's words that he was already unable to hold back and was already preparing to start a war campaign.</p> 
<p>Over these days, Tian Chuan, Meng Qiu, Cao Fu and every other region of northern plains were already engaging in battle. Among the popular candidates for the ownership of Imperial Court this time, only Hei tribe had been holding back and growing the wolf group.</p> 
<p>Now, they had already accumulated enough wolves, Hei Lou Lan who was full of hope had already been impatient.</p> 
<p>"Then brother Lou Lan, which force do you want to attack first?" Fang Yuan asked.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan laughed heartily and patted Fang Yuan's shoulder: "Little brother is really sharp. I won't hide it from brother, I want to attack Cao Fu and eradicate Dong Fang tribe. Dong Fang tribe has lot of beauties, especially that Dong Fang Qing Yu who is a famous beauty in northern plains. I want to kill all their men and capture all their women! Hahaha..."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was slightly stupefied, history was still steering in the same direction, after making a detour, the focus still returned to Dong Fang tribe.</p> 
<p>"But with my five hundred thousand wolf group, it is different from my previous life. Dong Fang tribe... Hehe." Fang Yuan sneered inwardly.</p> 
<p>Reaching this stage, he could already influence the development of the future.</p> 
<p>But so what?</p> 
<p>Let history be completely changed.</p> 
<p><em>As long as there are profits in front of him, so what if the sky and earth collapses, or if the floods reach heaven! Who cares if his reputation stinks for ten thousand years!</em></p> 
<p>The next day, Hei tribe completely pulled out the camp and began a majestic expedition towards Cao Fu.</p> 
<p>This news immediately attracted the attention of all kinds of forces.</p> 
<p>The situation was changing crazily and Cao Fu was preparing for a great battle.</p> 
<p>Different from Yu Tian's heroes assembly where Liu tribe and Hei tribe were evenly matched, Dong Fang tribe occupied the greatest dominance in Cao Fu's heroes assembly, suppressing the heroes and incorporating large numbers of tribes. Only Zhao tribe was barely resisting the pressure, not willing to agree to Dong Fang tribe's harsh alliance conditions.</p> 
<p>The news of Hei tribe large expedition attracted almost all the attention of Dong Fang tribe. Zhao tribe got space for a breather and showed signs of moving their tribe towards a corner.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang tribe's current tribe leader was a rank five wisdom path Gu Master Dong Fang Yu Liang.</p> 
<p>After making deductions and forecasts over a night without resting, he immediately changed the stiff stance and changed the conditions for joining the alliance to become extremely lenient and generous.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang personally travelled to invite Zhao tribe to join the alliance!</p> 
<p>Zhao tribe leader hesitated.</p> 
<p>Zhao tribe and Dong Fang tribe had enmities between them, and this enmity had gotten deeper over the years. But Dong Fang tribe's sincerity could be clearly seen right now and the conditions they offered were also very attractive.</p> 
<p>Maybe, this was a rare opportunity to resolve the old hatred and grudges with Dong Fang tribe?</p>
    </body>
</html>
