<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 610: The key to victory and loss</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 610: The key to victory and loss</h1>
        
        <p>When a Gu Master advances to an immortal, their aperture will transform into an immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>The immortal aperture is a qualitative evolution of the aperture, it is like the creation of a whole new small world.</p> 
<p>Rank six and seven Gu Immortal apertures were known as 'blessed lands'. Rank eight and nine Gu Immortal apertures were called 'grotto-heavens'.</p> 
<p>If a Gu Immortal's lingering obsession was left behind when they died, it would combine with the heavenly power inside the immortal aperture and become the land spirit.</p> 
<p>Every immortal aperture is unique, it is a part of the Gu Immortal's body. In some ways, even if a Gu Immortal dies, the land spirit and immortal aperture that they leave behind could still be considered a strange form of life extension for them.</p> 
<p>Precisely because the land spirit is formed from obsession, it is rigid and not flexible.</p> 
<p>In history, there were many such cases. For example, if a Gu Immortal forcefully takes down a blessed land, but did not meet the requirements to become the owner, the land spirit would reject them, in the end, the land spirit may directly self-detonate, causing the Gu Immortal's efforts to be for nothing.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will forcefully sealed Imperial Court blessed land's Frost Jade Peacock, this had accumulated hundreds of thousands of years of anger in the latter. Now that he wanted to continue sealing it, Frost Jade Peacock's resolute heart was finally ignited.</p> 
<p>"What is going on?"</p> 
<p>"Lord Tai Bai Yun Sheng's immortal ascension caused a loophole to form in the blessed land?"</p> 
<p>"Imperial Court blessed land is currently being exposed to the outside world, this is unbelievable, this has never happened in the past!!"</p> 
<p>"This is bad, I have a very bad feeling. Do you think the blessed land is going to be destroyed?"</p> 
<p>In the blessed land, everyone was shouting in fear, they were panicking and their doubts were spreading.</p> 
<p>In the sky, countless cracks were formed. The sky of the blessed land, which was silver and gold, had lots of cracks now, from these cracks, one could see the starry sky of northern plains.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's gaze was still calm as ever.</p> 
<p>"Imperial Court blessed land would not self-destruct so easily." He muttered in his heart, regarding this he was extremely confident.</p> 
<p>In history, there were many cases of the land spirit suiciding, destroying the blessed land along with them, but that was not going to happen here.</p> 
<p>This was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's arrangement, how could it be broken so easily? This was the hard work of a rank nine Gu Immortal, this set-up covered the entire region of northern plains!</p> 
<p>Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was the biggest obstacle.</p> 
<p>"If this was in the past, how could the land spirit cause such trouble? Except that now, Giant Sun's will had just awakened, he was caught off guard and had to waste time to resolve this mess. Meanwhile, the seal that imprisoned the land spirit had weakened drastically because of my gruel mud Immortal Gu, this allowed the land spirit to struggle so violently."</p> 
<p>In his analysis, Fang Yuan could not help but internally praise Giant Sun's resolution and methods.</p> 
<p>He had used the chess piece Tai Bai Yun Sheng, and with his limited methods, he managed to fight for precious time and allow the scales of victory to tilt towards himself.</p> 
<p>"However, even though the land spirit cannot self-destruct, it could still do the most basic thing like absorbing its own heaven and earth qi."</p> 
<p>Thinking of this, Fang Yuan directed his gaze towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>Above Tai Bai Yun Sheng's head, the scattered tribulation cloud formed once again, and the calamity dust on the ground also started spreading.</p> 
<p>Large amounts of heaven qi and earth qi gushed out, they were about to form a new heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity!</p> 
<p>"This, what is going on? Why are there still heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities?! Wasn't it over already?" Seeing this, Ye Lui Sang's eyes were wide open in shock.</p> 
<p>"This is different from what is in the records. There is something strange going on with Tai Bai Yun Sheng, why are there two heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities in a row?" Hei Lou Lan was very confused as well.</p> 
<p>Even they had no idea, not to mention the others.</p> 
<p>Looking at the imposing heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity forming once again, many people were lost for words as they felt very worried regarding Tai Bai Yun Sheng's situation.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's expression was ashen.</p> 
<p>"Why is there still a heavenly tribulation forming?! My inheritance did not state that this would happen!" He was shocked and furious.</p> 
<p>Because not just on the outside, at the same time, the immortal aperture inside his body was also forming another heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity!</p> 
<p>When a mortal Gu becomes an Immortal Gu, it is like a Gu Master becoming an immortal, it is a dangerous process to make a qualitative change that defied heaven. When Gu worms were refined into Immortal Gu, they would need to involve heaven and earth qi, this way, the corresponding heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities would form.</p> 
<p>Being faced with trouble both internally and externally, Tai Bai Yun Sheng could neither advance nor retreat, he could not attend to one problem while neglecting the other, his situation was very worrying!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan used the gruel mud Immortal Gu to awaken the land spirit.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's immortal ascension became a crucial chess piece in the fight between the land spirit and Giant Sun's will.</p> 
<p>This immortal ascension had already gone out of his control.</p> 
<p>Other than Fang Yuan, everyone else was kept in the dark, they were unaware of the truth.</p> 
<p>Only Fang Yuan knew the land spirit's intention!</p> 
<p>In a race against time, the land spirit could not compete with Giant Sun's will, thus it placed its attention on Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>The heaven qi and earth qi were extracted by sacrificing the land spirit's own foundation. Its intention was to form the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity that would destroy Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>What benefits would the land spirit gain from killing him?</p> 
<p>This would involve the devouring of the immortal aperture.</p> 
<p>Mortal apertures were not easy to devour and combine, but after ascending to immortal, the immortal aperture was a small world. Between worlds, they could be devoured and assimilated, there were great benefits to Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>On Tian Ti mountain back then, Fang Yuan discarded a portion of Hu Immortal blessed land's territory, which were quickly taken by the other Gu Immortals. Swallowing other immortal apertures and strengthening one's own immortal aperture, there was much to gain from this.</p> 
<p>If the land spirit destroyed Tai Bai Yun Sheng, after he dies, his immortal aperture would remain. It would then be absorbed and assimilated by Imperial Court blessed land.</p> 
<p>After devouring the aperture, the blessed land's foundation would rise, and the land spirit would become much stronger. This would be a great help for it to break through Giant Sun's seal.</p> 
<p>In the sky, dark clouds were rumbling as lightning and thunder resounded.</p> 
<p>Countless purple lightning bolts formed into balls of lightning.</p> 
<p>On the ground, the calamity dust settled down, exposing the bare earth.</p> 
<p>A crack formed on the ground, it was hundreds of meters wide, exposing red hot flames from within, it resembled a desolate beast opening its bloodthirsty mouth.</p> 
<p>The flames rose up, forming many traces of restraining smoke as they gushed up.</p> 
<p>"Chaotic lightning balls, restraining smoke!" Fang Yuan frowned slightly.</p> 
<p>The chaotic lightning balls not only had great power, they could even ruin the Gu Master's mind and will, inducing a chaotic effect. Restraining smoke could seal away the environment, as long as the Gu Master was trapped within, they would lose their five senses, like falling into a maze or an abyss, they would not be able to get free.</p> 
<p>Chaotic lightning balls were not fast, but together with the suppression from restraining smoke, they were perfect partners and could unleash the greatest effect!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan could not help but feel some worry.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's failure was not what Fang Yuan wanted to see.</p> 
<p>Holding the glass owner token in his hand, Fang Yuan tightened his grasp as his gaze turned dark: "Still too weak, too weak! With my current strength, I am very heavily affected by circumstances..."</p> 
<p>Howl, howl, howl!</p> 
<p>The chaotic lightning balls flew through the air, emitting a strange and shrill noise. They sounded like a woman screaming and crying at the same time, it was very painful to the ears.</p> 
<p>At the same time, the restraining smoke was rumbling, surging towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's expression turned pale.</p> 
<p>The chaotic lightning balls changed their directions randomly, sometimes they traveled right, sometimes left, it was hard to dodge them. Furthermore, there were traces of restraining smoke around him, like he was in the middle of an ancient forest.</p> 
<p>"If I come into contact with the restraining smoke, I'll be finished! Oh no, the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity in my immortal aperture is also forming, moreover I have already lost my defensive Gu!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng gritted his teeth, his gaze was shining with resolution.</p> 
<p>Risk it!</p> 
<p>His body gave off a shining light, using several movement Gu, his body flew into the air.</p> 
<p>The intense wind blew this old man's hair towards the back, showing an unrestrained demeanour.</p> 
<p>Shocked screams could be heard coming from the crowd.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng charged towards the tribulation cloud, above him, there were countless chaotic lightning balls, looking from afar, he was like a moth flying towards a fire.</p> 
<p>"Is Tai Bai Yun Sheng seeking death?" Ye Lui Sang frowned deeply.</p> 
<p>"Good!" Hei Lou Lan, however, gave high praise.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's eyes also shone.</p> 
<p>Restraining smoke might seem harmless without any attack power and could only trap enemies, but it held much greater threat than the chaotic lightning balls.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng understood the situation and made the best decision.</p> 
<p>Only to see that after he charged into the thunder cloud, countless lightning balls shot down like fish swimming in water.</p> 
<p>Bam bam bam...</p> 
<p>The lightning balls continued to explode, but it did not affect Tai Bai Yun Sheng at all.</p> 
<p>He flew left and right, trying to find a survival chance in the barrage of attacks, his movement speed was fast at times and slow at others, he had great control over the situation!</p> 
<p>"Amazing! What level of flying attainment is this!"</p> 
<p>"To think that Lord Tai Bai Yun Sheng is actually a flying master!!"</p> 
<p>"He hid himself too deeply, I only found out now..."</p> 
<p>Everyone was overjoyed to find out that Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a flying master!</p> 
<p>"To think that Tai Bai Yun Sheng was skilled at using cloud path Gu worms." Ye Lui Sang praised, he was not very surprised at the display of flying.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a healing Gu Master, these years when he roamed northern plains, he had encountered many dangers. He had to have a secret ability in order to survive till now.</p> 
<p>In truth, most healing Gu Masters were either skilled in defense or movement.</p> 
<p>When these Gu Masters were nurtured, they were specially trained in this manner.</p> 
<p>That was because in the battlefield, healing Gu Masters were usually the first to be targeted, many times they could not receive protection from their teammates. Thus, healing Gu Masters needed to have certain ways to protect themselves.</p> 
<p>"As the number one healing Gu Master in northern plains, Tai Bai Yun Sheng is not skilled in defense, with his age, it is no wonder he has such flying attainment." Hei Lou Lan thought about this and turned his head, looking at the sky far away.</p> 
<p>There, Fang Yuan seated on the azure wolf king's back, observing Tai Bai Yun Sheng closely.</p> 
<p>Compared to Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Chang Shan Yin who was also a flying master was much younger.</p> 
<p>"Little sparrow, you are really enjoying yourself." In True Yang Building, Giant Sun's will laughed instead of raging.</p> 
<p>Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was shaking intensely, the aurora was wavering in the sky as a huge pillar of light shot out.</p> 
<p>Immortal Gu — Divert Disaster!</p> 
<p>The light of Divert Disaster shone around Tai Bai Yun Sheng, piercing through the lightning balls and restraining smoke.</p> 
<p>"Old ancestor is really blessing Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he struck once again!" Amidst the shocked screams, there were jealous and envious people too.</p> 
<p>"This is too weird, Tai Bai Yun Sheng is not part of Giant Sun's bloodline, to think he could receive such blessings as well!" Someone was suspicious.</p> 
<p>"As expected, he struck." Fang Yuan sighed internally, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had already become a crucial factor in the contest between the land spirit and Giant Sun's will, the land spirit wanted to harm him, while Giant Sun's will wanted to protect him!</p>
    </body>
</html>
