<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 463: Fang Yuan’s awkwardness</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 463: Fang Yuan’s awkwardness</h1>
        
        <p>Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was a rank six Immortal Gu, but it was not a natural Gu, instead was invented by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable.</p> 
<p>Rank three Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, rank four Heavenly Essence Treasure Monarch Lotus and rank five Heavenly Essence Treasure King Lotus could produce primeval essence, giving an enormous help in a Gu Master's primeval essence recovery.</p> 
<p>Rank six and above Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, however, produced immortal essence and had extremely huge use.</p> 
<p>Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable relied on this Gu to become the person with the most abundant immortal essence among rank nine Gu Immortals in all history.</p> 
<p>After Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable died, his Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was protected with layers of layers of security, becoming a famous treasure in the world. However, after more than a hundred thousand years, an extremely daring rank seven Gu Immortal stole it.</p> 
<p>This rank seven Gu Immortal was the venerable after Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, the one who became the heavenly thief, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.</p> 
<p>After Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable died, this Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was also destroyed.</p> 
<p>Long Hair Ancestor had many interactions with Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and after the Demon Venerable went missing for hundreds of years, Long Hair Ancestor tried to refine the Gu. Finally, he succeeded in refining a rank six Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.</p> 
<p>Later, he developed a preference for it and advanced it to rank eight stage.</p> 
<p>Immortal Gu were one of a kind and their names also remained the same. After they advance to stages beyond rank six , their names would not change.</p> 
<p>For example — Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus and Spring Autumn Cicada; when they advanced from rank six to rank seven, they would still be called Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus and Spring Autumn Cicada.</p> 
<p>After Long Hair Ancestor died, his obsession merged with the heavenly power to form a land spirit. This rank eight Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus also remained in Lang Ya blessed land.</p> 
<p>"Lang Ya blessed land would later be accidentally discovered by a soul path Gu Immortal called Gui Wang, leading the first wave of attacks. The result was that they were captured by the land spirit. However, the news regarding Lang Ya blessed land was leaked by Gui Wang and attracted more Gu Immortals. Later, a second wave of attacks came, and later, the third wave and so on. During the seventh wave, the heavenly court dispatched several rank seven Gu Immortals who brought Immortal Gu to the mortal realm."</p> 
<p>"After a tragic battle, Lang Ya blessed land finally collapsed while the Gu Immortals also suffered disastrous losses. Feng Jiu Ge died in this battle. However, Lang Ya blessed land's great number of recipes were taken by the heavenly court. Central continent's strength thus rose sharply and with just their strength, they attacked the four great regions."</p> 
<p>With his previous life's memories, Fang Yuan was clear of the future development.</p> 
<p>At this moment, when Fang Yuan suddenly mentioned the use of Immortal Gu recipe to exchange for Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, the land spirit refused without hesitation: "This is not possible! Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus can produce immortal essence, it is the reason why I can defend against the calamities and tribulations. At the same time, I need to use these immortal essence to refine Gu. Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus is non-exchangeable."</p> 
<p>"Is that so." Fang Yuan nodded with some disappointment since he had some expectations.</p> 
<p>However, the land spirit's next sentence ignited his hope again.</p> 
<p>"However, I have other Immortal Gu here. What recipe do you have? Rank seven recipe can only be exchanged for rank six Immortal Gu. Rank eight recipe can be exchanged for rank seven or rank six Immortal Gu."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's eyes let out a bright light.</p> 
<p>He knew Lang Ya blessed land had a rank seven beast enslavement Gu.</p> 
<p>This Immortal Gu could subdue any wild beast in the world; including mutated beasts, myriad beast emperor, even desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts!</p> 
<p>Long Hair Ancestor used this Gu to subdue many desolate beasts, including several ancient desolate beasts whom he buried under the twelve cloud buildings.</p> 
<p>With these desolate beasts' protection, the whole Lang Ya blessed land became a fortified castle and was able to resist till the sixth wave of Gu Immortals' crazed attack, and finally fell at the seventh wave.</p> 
<p>"This beast enslavement Gu is extremely important to the blessed land, the land spirit definitely won't exchange it. But Long Hair Ancestor has refined many Immortal Gu, he definitely had more than just beast enslavement Gu and Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan felt a rush and after thinking for a moment, he began to write a recipe.</p> 
<p>The old land spirit looked from the side with his hands behind his back. After observing for a while, he started laughing: "This is the second aperture Gu's recipe, right?"</p> 
<p>"Eh? You have this recipe too?" Fang Yuan stopped writing.</p> 
<p>"Of course, I have countless recipes here, including thousands of Immortal Gu recipes." The land spirit said proudly.</p> 
<p>'Such wealth, I see why even the heavenly court decided to attack.' Fang Yuan's eyes flashed as he sighed inwardly.</p> 
<p>"In that case..." He contemplated and started writing on another paper.</p> 
<p>He was writing the recipe for the rank six Blood Deity.</p> 
<p>The land spirit's eyes immediately let out a bright light when he saw the start of the recipe. But the light gradually dimmed.</p> 
<p>When Fang Yuan had written the third line, the land spirit said: "Although your blood path recipe might be amazing, it is only a remnant recipe. Even though some parts were patched up, there are many conflicts in the steps; there is a very small chance of successfully refining it. You cannot exchange this recipe for an Immortal Gu."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan let out a sigh.</p> 
<p>Back then, this Blood Deity recipe that he obtained was a remnant piece. After his painstaking research and request for other Gu Immortals to repair it, this current recipe was formed.</p> 
<p>He knew, however, this recipe was not accurate. The reason why he did not choose to refine Blood Deity in his previous life was also mainly because of this.</p> 
<p>Later, through a coincidental opportunity, he obtained the accurate recipe for Spring Autumn Cicada. Thereupon, he abandoned the Blood Deity to refine Spring Autumn Cicada.</p> 
<p>However, Spring Autumn Cicada involved his greatest secret of rebirth, even if Lang Ya blessed land did not have this recipe, Fang Yuan would not take it out to exchange.</p> 
<p>He had taken the initiative to expose it in three kings blessed land because he was in dire straits and wanted to gamble for an overwhelming benefit.</p> 
<p>However, right now, he was not in a tight spot and thus did not need to take the risk.</p> 
<p>Since it was like this, Fang Yuan did not continue writing the recipe for the Blood Deity.</p> 
<p>The Immortal Gu recipes he knew were only about a dozen. But most of them were remnant recipes. Blood Deity's recipe was already the best of these remnant recipes.</p> 
<p>He only had two intact and correct Immortal Gu recipes; second aperture Gu and Spring Autumn Cicada. However, Lang Ya blessed land already had the recipe of the former while Fang Yuan did not dare to expose the latter.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan fell into silence and after thinking for a while, he asked: "Land spirit, can I use rank five recipe to exchanged for a stargate Gu?"</p> 
<p>The land spirit shook his head: "No. You can only exchange for the Gu worms that I currently have."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was unresigned and asked: "Land spirit, could it be that you don't want to refine stargate Gu? This is a completely new Gu we are talking about here."</p> 
<p>"Of course I want to. Although it is not suitable for me to use, I can put it in treasure yellow heaven to sell. Hmm... but I can refine it whenever I want to, and I am not certain when I will do it." The land spirit suddenly reacted.</p> 
<p>He showed his intelligence at this time.</p> 
<p>"Little friend, you are Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's inheritor. You have three opportunities to ask me to refine Gu. But if you want to refine Immortal Gu, whether it succeeds or fails, it will be counted as one chance. If you want to refine mortal Gu, I will definitely make you the Gu. If you want the stargate Gu, I can refine it successfully for you." The land spirit proposed.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan suddenly realized that there were these small details.</p> 
<p>No wonder Ma Hong Yun choose to refine three rank five Gu; at that time, when he fell into this place, he was only a mortal and might not know the value of a Immortal Gu. Moreover, a mortal body cannot use Immortal Gu. Thus, he refined three rank five Gu that could immediately increase his battle strength. After returning to the outside world, he turned the tide around, gathering his troops again and turned defeat into victory.</p> 
<p>When Ma Hong Yun later became a Gu Immortal, he realized how precious the opportunity in Lang Ya blessed land was. Unfortunately, he could only regret at that time.</p> 
<p>Ma Hong Yun's awkwardness became Fang Yuan's awkwardness too.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was only a mortal now, even if he got an Immortal Gu, he could not use it. Little Hu land spirit could use Immortal Gu, but whether it was hole earth Gu, connecting heaven Gu or stargate Gu, they could not support an Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>That is to say, even if Fang Yuan possessed an Immortal Gu, he could not send it to Hu Immortal blessed land.</p> 
<p>Moreover, these three opportunities to refine Immortal Gu also had a precondition, that is Fang Yuan had to provide the recipes for them.</p> 
<p>If there was an error in the recipe, the refinement would fail. Immortal Gu were the only one of its kind, if someone else already possessed that Immortal Gu, the refinement would fail then as well.</p> 
<p>According to the land spirit's words, if the Immortal Gu refinement fails, one opportunity would be lost.</p> 
<p>Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable could refine six Immortal Gu at that time; one reason was because Long Hair Ancestor was arrogant and refused to fail intentionally, and another reason was Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was brimming with talent and formidable ability, he had made sufficient preparation and made use of every opportunity, causing Long Hair Ancestor to lose great amounts of precious and rare Gu refinement materials six times.</p> 
<p>Now, Long Hair Ancestor was dead and had turned into a land spirit, although he would not play tricks when refining Immortal Gu for Fang Yuan, he was after all a land spirit and not Long Hair Ancestor himself, thus his ability in Gu refinement was greatly reduced.</p> 
<p>'In that case, do I waste one precious opportunity to refine a stargate Gu?'</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan fell into deep contemplation.</p> 
<p>According to common sense, these three opportunities should be sufficiently exploited to refine three Immortal Gu like Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable did back in the day.</p> 
<p>However, Fang Yuan had huge problems in doing so.</p> 
<p>Firstly, he did not have Immortal Gu recipes. Secondly, he did not have the ability of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, and could not guarantee the success of an Immortal Gu's refinement. If the refinement failed, it would mean one chance wasted. It was worse than refining a rank five Gu. The final crucial point was that he was only a mortal and could not use Immortal Gu. Although Immortal Gu had a very high value, it was of no help to him and would instead attract disaster, it would be worse than a rank five Gu.</p> 
<p>Even rank five Gu were not suitable for Fang Yuan; with Fang Yuan's current situation in northern plains, using rank four was the best.</p> 
<p>"Of course, I can leave these three opportunities for now. Anyway, I have already obtained the opportunities, even if Ma Hong Yun came personally or that Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable's inheritor appears, there would be no effect. However, I truly need stargate Gu at present!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was hesitating and felt that he was in an awkward position.</p> 
<p>His current strength path cultivation only had thirty jun of strength, he urgently needed Gu worms to reform his skin and flesh. In terms of enslavement path cultivation, there was a great burden in feeding the wolf group and without a tribe to support them, he could only maintain around thirty thousand wolves by himself.</p> 
<p>In terms of soul, the wolfman soul was already formed, he could go to Dang Hun mountain and use guts Gu to strengthen it. In terms of cultivation, he fulfilled the conditions to breakthrough, but because of the region's suppression, he could not breakthrough to rank five right now.</p> 
<p>His current situation was like a chess player with all the chess pieces in places where they could not be moved. He was stuck in a deadlock, facing a huge bottleneck.</p>
    </body>
</html>
