<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 624: Shameless and devious scoundrel!</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 624: Shameless and devious scoundrel!</h1>
        
        <p>In true inheritance secluded domain, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were firmly holding a supreme true inheritance from its left and right.</p> 
<p>Thanks to the guidance of Mo Yao's will along with Giant Sun's will being emptied out, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were able to get close to the true inheritance.</p> 
<p>The most crucial point was there was no primeval energy in true inheritance secluded domain.</p> 
<p>Wild Gu worms could absorb primeval energy directly from the surrounding air for their use. Without primeval energy, most Gu worms would lose their threat. This was also one of the reasons Giant Sun's will was trying to push Giant Sun's Luck Path True Inheritance back into true inheritance secluded domain.</p> 
<p>The supreme true inheritance had been letting out a warm orange light before, but in Fang Yuan's and Tai Bai Yun Sheng's hands, it let out three colors.</p> 
<p>Silver-white light occupied the bulk of it; caused by the refinement from Tai Bai Yun Sheng's Gu Immortal will. The second color was grey from Fang Yuan. The third was black light from Mo Yao.</p> 
<p>Silver-white light was the most abundant, grey came second and black was in the least amount.</p> 
<p>Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was a rank eight Immortal Gu House, formed from extremely large numbers of Gu worms. Fang Yuan's group had to use all their strength to quickly refine Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.</p> 
<p>It could be said, whether it was Fang Yuan or Tai Bai Yun Sheng, they had both spent all their strength.</p> 
<p>"Just a little left, just a little more effort!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng anxiously yelled.</p> 
<p>The main portion of Giant Sun's will had returned to True Yang Building, the three had heard its furious roar.</p> 
<p>The round light lump with the size of an adult had only a final trace of orange left on it. As long as this light was eroded, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building would completely change its master and the situation would greatly incline towards Fang Yuan's side!</p> 
<p>However, Giant Sun's will furiously made his move at this final moment.</p> 
<p>The will left by an Immortal Venerable could not be looked down upon!</p> 
<p>And this will was the original master of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building! Thus, in just an instant, the final trace of orange was replaced by dazzling golden light.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's group immediately felt gloomy at this color.</p> 
<p>This color meant that Giant Sun's will had refined the final remaining trace of the supreme true inheritance's will!</p> 
<p>"Juniors, you are really audacious, you dare to go after my Eighty-Eight True Yang Building! I will make you pay the most terrible price in the world!" From within the light lump, a roar from Giant Sun's will sounded out.</p> 
<p>"Quick! There is only a meagre trace of Giant Sun's will, we need to move together and destroy it, spare no energy!!" Fang Yuan shouted.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's forehead was filled with sweat; he did not need any reminder to be aware of the utmost importance of this matter.</p> 
<p>The two gave a deep shout and moved together, mobilising their wills to form a huge army of thoughts that unfolded a fierce assault towards the last trace of will.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will's roar stopped abruptly as he poured all his energy in defending against the assault.</p> 
<p>Its main body was enormous, but it had only refined a trace of the true inheritance and controlled the smallest portion. Even if it possessed majestic strength that far surpassed the allied thoughts army of Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, it did not have the room to display its might, and the power it could let out was an insignificant fraction compared to that of the main body.</p> 
<p>The newborn wild will that had been born just recently in the supreme true inheritance had already been thoroughly extinguished.</p> 
<p>The tranquil true inheritance light lump became an unconventional battlefield that pitted Fang Yuan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Giant Sun's will.</p> 
<p>Contest between wills involved profound techniques and skill.</p> 
<p>But be it Fang Yuan or Tai Bai Yun Sheng, they were not truly soul path Gu Masters. Fang Yuan could be considered to have started it just recently while Tai Bai Yun Sheng was truly a novice, relying on nothing more than the instinct to move his thoughts.</p> 
<p>As for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, his soul path attainment was definitely out of this world. Unfortunately, the one confronting the enemy was only the special will he had left behind.</p> 
<p>Thus, in this battle of wills, there were no fancy skills; it was only a head-on collision, a bloody fight.</p> 
<p>After a dozen or so breaths later, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng's wills suffered disastrous losses.</p> 
<p>The quantity of Giant Sun's will might be small, not even filling one percent of the true inheritance light lump, but it stood lofty and majestic.</p> 
<p>The main Giant Sun's will was vast, its power flowed without pause. Every bit of loss it suffered was immediately replenished.</p> 
<p>By contrast, Fang Yuan's group might have occupied the advantage of vast quantity, but they did not have high battle strength and were soon lacking the fuel to continue.</p> 
<p>"Damn it! We can't expel Giant Sun's will, the situation has gone south!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng was deathly pale, the combined attack earlier was their most powerful method, but it showed no effect.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will was laughing heartily.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and the group lacked the energy to continue the attack, and after Giant Sun's will had resisted their most intense attacks, he began to expand his territory.</p> 
<p>In the true inheritance light lump, the part occupied by golden light began to expand bit by bit.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked on with wide eyes; they staked all their energy, but were only able to slow down Giant Sun's will's speed of expansion.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will was truly terrifying.</p> 
<p>Even when it was schemed against repeatedly before, and most of its will was outside, suffering the deathly attacks from the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, the remaining part was still a tall, mountain-like barrier to Fang Yuan's group.</p> 
<p>This enormous difference in their strengths was like a gulf between heaven and earth.</p> 
<p>"We are going to lose!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng's tone was grave, "This is just a will Giant Sun Immortal Venerable left behind, I really can't imagine how powerful he was when alive!"</p> 
<p>"Damn it, only one last step was remaining!!" Mo Yao's will grabbed her head, her voice mixed with a tone of sobbing and extreme regret, "If only we were a step earlier, as long as we had three breaths of time, we would have succeeded."</p> 
<p>"Never mind!" Fang Yuan gnashed his teeth, his expression heavy.</p> 
<p>He had not given up yet, speaking with ruthless intent: "In this situation, we are unable to get our hands on Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. We cannot exterminate Giant Sun's will, sooner or later it will swallow the space we occupy. But we have yet to lose! Don't forget, there are still the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities outside True Yang Building!"</p> 
<p>"Are you saying?" Tai Bai Yun Sheng's expression changed, blurting out.</p> 
<p>His nature was benevolent and passive, but he was not stupid, and immediately realized when Fang Yuan mentioned it.</p> 
<p>"That's right, if I can't obtain it, no one else should think about getting it. Since I can't get Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, I would rather destroy it!" A ruthless glint shone in Fang Yuan's eyes, his tone was so cold it could make the listener shiver.</p> 
<p>"But this is Eighty-Eight True Yang Building..." Mo Yao resounded, but her tone was wavering.</p> 
<p>She had no choice but to accept this was the best method to escape their predicament.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will finally stormed into true inheritance secluded domain.</p> 
<p>"You two tiny ants, you actually forced me to this extent! You scheming scoundrels, your good days have come to an end, your sins are so great that even death would be letting you off cheaply. I will give you a punishment worse than death! I will peel off your skin, pull your tendons and let blood flow! I will burn your souls in flames and let you taste incomparable suffering for all eternity!"</p> 
<p>The golden will roared like a furious sea, and whipped up huge waves with it!</p> 
<p>Schemed upon time and time again by Fang Yuan, suffering the unrestrained bombardment of the calamities; Giant Sun's will's fury had already reached the summit, swearing to kill Fang Yuan, the main culprit.</p> 
<p>Compared to the golden wave, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were as small as ants.</p> 
<p>The flying true inheritances were swallowed by the golden wave, resulting in splashes but they stopped moving soon after.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will had once again taken control of these inheritances.</p> 
<p>However, most of the Gu worms required primeval essence or immortal essence to be activated, and just Giant Sun's will could not activate them.</p> 
<p>At present, most of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was controlled by Fang Yuan's group.</p> 
<p>As long as they did not let Giant Sun's will obtain Giant Sun's immortal essence, these Gu worms could not be used.</p> 
<p>"Start." Fang Yuan gave a soft shout, his gaze flashing with sharp intent.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will's powerful approach also dispelled Tai Bai Yun Sheng's hesitation. He was already completely tied to Fang Yuan's side and could only choose to forcibly advance together.</p> 
<p>Eighty-Eight True Yang Building originally shone with an aurora, but with the actions of Fang Yuan's group, the aurora rapidly dimmed until it dissipated.</p> 
<p>The furious golden sea suddenly stilled.</p> 
<p>The next moment, Giant Sun's will's furious roar reverberated: "Bastards! You dared to make Eighty-Eight True Yang Building stop its operation, you, you damned scoundrels, you damned devious, shameless scoundrels!"</p> 
<p>Eighty-Eight True Yang Building might have had wild will before, but it had just been born, thus it had still automatically operated as normal.</p> 
<p>However, Fang Yuan's group had refined most of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and they forcibly made it stop its operations.</p> 
<p>Even the strongest fort would find it hard to resist an internal collapse.</p> 
<p>Although Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had not collapsed, its operations had stopped and just its shell had no might.</p> 
<p>Without any might, how could it resist the terrifying heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities?</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's group could neglect Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, in any case, they would not be able to obtain Eighty-Eight True Yang Building if this situation progressed.</p> 
<p>However, Giant Sun's will could not neglect it.</p> 
<p>This was an inheritance from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, left behind for the benefits of his descendants; it must not be destroyed.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will was left behind by the Immortal Venerable to manage Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, how could it just watch as the True Yang Building was destroyed?</p> 
<p>"Just you wait!" The golden sea of will swiftly retreated.</p> 
<p>The vast will of Giant Sun surged out of the tower like water, forming a golden armor as a defense around it.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will had no choice but to suffer the ravaging bombardment of the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities to protect the weak Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. However, it still left behind a portion of will which surged towards Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng like a furious river.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan, however, let out a breath of turbid air.</p> 
<p>Compared to the majestic furious sea from before, this will might be strong but they could deal with it, albeit with difficulty.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan reluctantly took out a Gu from his pocket.</p> 
<p>It was flying bear phantom Gu.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's will moved and threw the Gu casually; the flying bear phantom Gu flew forward, blossoming with beautiful white light.</p> 
<p>The white light dissipated and a giant flying bear protected Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, obstructing the river of will.</p> 
<p>"Damn it, flying bear phantom Gu!" Giant Sun's will cursed.</p> 
<p>Flying bear phantom Gu was rather special; it was an Immortal Gu but it could be activated with just one's mind, without requiring immortal essence.</p> 
<p>Refining it was difficult and feeding it was not easy, requiring the fresh flesh of the desolate beast flying bear.</p> 
<p>Fortunately, Fang Yuan possessed Hu Immortal blessed land and could feed this Immortal Gu with the help of treasure yellow heaven.</p> 
<p>Even so, he had to pay an enormous price.</p> 
<p><em>Train an army for a thousand days to use it in one fight.</em> Now, it was time for flying bear phantom Gu to show its worth!</p>
    </body>
</html>
