<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 605: Pitiful Person (Double chapter)</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 605: Pitiful Person (Double chapter)</h1>
        
        <p>"We implore you to help us, old sir Tai Bai!"</p> 
<p>"I am sincerely asking old sir to go forward and plead for us."</p> 
<p>"The whole of my tribe, our elderly, the weak, the women and children too, the future of all of our tribesmen are in lord's hands..."</p> 
<p>In the room, a group of Gu Masters were kneeling on the ground, crying profusely or showing a sad expression, they were desperately asking Tai Bai Yun Sheng for help.</p> 
<p>These Gu Masters had rather special identities, they were all the tribe leaders of their respective tribes.</p> 
<p>Lou tribe, Lu tribe, Xi tribe... all of these tribes were middle sized tribes or small sized tribes, during the process of challenging Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, they suffered the greatest numbers of casualties, if this were to continue, they might face the threat of being wiped out for good.</p> 
<p>The previous few times, they had as a group written letters of request, asking to retreat, but they were all harshly rejected by Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>Survival was the number one priority.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan's oppressive and all out tactics had already severely harmed the survival and development of these small and middle sized tribes.</p> 
<p>But because of the Black Tyrant's fierce reputation, these tribe leaders did not dare to approach Hei Lou Lan himself. After discussing among themselves, they decided to jointly approach Tai Bai Yun Sheng for help.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was the current number one healing master in all of northern plains, he was well known to be kind and merciful, his reputation in northern plains was second to none. Now that he had become Hei tribe's external elder, he was greatly trusted and depended on by Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>If they could obtain Tai Bai Yun Sheng's help, their respective tribes might very well gain the precious time to rest and recuperate.</p> 
<p>"Please get up and speak." Tai Bai Yun Sheng urged them.</p> 
<p>"Old sir, if you do not accept our request, we will not get up!"</p> 
<p>"Please go take a look at our tribes, you will understand our pain and grief then. Our injuries and casualties are simply too great, our women have lost their husbands, our children have lost their parents, and our elderly have lost their children..."</p> 
<p>"Old sir, please go and talk to Lord Hei Lou Lan, if this carries on, our tribe is going to perish for good."</p> 
<p>"Hmph, we did not die in the Imperial Court contest, but instead, we are facing extermination within Imperial Court blessed land, if word gets out, where would Hei tribe's reputation go to? This is simply too ironic!"</p> 
<p>The tribe leaders talked one after another, they held a firm attitude and refused to get up from the kneeling position.</p> 
<p>"Sigh..." Tai Bai Yun Sheng heaved a long sigh, he had already been very unhappy with Hei Lou Lan's actions to begin with.</p> 
<p>There was enough time to go about this slowly, why did he have to be so anxious and rush their advancement?</p> 
<p>Causing such grave and severe casualties, he could not bear to see this in his heart.</p> 
<p>From Tai Bai Yun Sheng's perspective: Most likely, losing the owner token during the challenge of the second round had triggered Hei Lou Lan. Another reason was that the supreme elders of Hei tribe were pressuring him greatly. Because of this pressure, Hei Lou Lan had no choice but to give it his all in challenging the rounds.</p> 
<p>"My servants, quickly come and serve tea to the tribe leaders." Tai Bai Yun Sheng instructed his servants.</p> 
<p>He next turned around and consoled the band of tribe leaders: "This old man will do his best to talk to tribe leader Hei Lou Lan, but all I can say is, I will try my best."</p> 
<p>"Old sir, you are truly a kind person, you are so benevolent."</p> 
<p>"Gaining old sir's help, it is truly our tribe's greatest fortune!"</p> 
<p>"Old sir, this is a letter of request that we have written collectively, we will be waiting for old sir's good news patiently."</p> 
<p>All the tribe leaders were filled with gratitude and joy.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng received the letter of request from them and kept it in his pocket, after bidding farewell to the tribe leaders, he came to the grand hall and looked for Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan was not settling the administrative matters of the army in the grand hall, instead, he was relaxing in the flower garden.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng hurried over quickly and when he saw Hei Lou Lan, the latter was playing chess in the lake pavilion.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan heard his intentions and first rejected him strictly, but when Tai Bai Yun Sheng urged him with reasoning and kind words, Hei Lou Lan slowly became less strict as he said: "How about this, I can let these tribes rest and recover temporarily, but they must lend out all of their Gu worms. My army will continue to advance, but we cannot reduce our strength just because of their absence! Every Gu worm that they lend will entitle them to one person who can rest, rank two Gu worm will exempt a rank two Gu Master. A rank three Gu worm will exempt a rank three Gu Master, and so on."</p> 
<p>"Lord tribe leader is wise and merciful, I will thank tribe leader for his magnanimity on behalf of all the different tribes and their tribesmen." Tai Bai Yun Sheng knew this was the best result he could get, thus he returned and informed all of the tribe leaders about this result.</p> 
<p>The tribe leaders looked at each other as they pondered over this, eventually accepting this condition.</p> 
<p>Gu worms were the foundation and base of a Gu Master. Gu worms that were lent out were easy to get damaged, but it was much better than losing their own lives.</p> 
<p>The casualties that these tribes were facing were simply too severe.</p> 
<p>The next day, Hei Lou Lan ordered the black banner army to go to the respective tribes' resting area and collect their Gu worms, being late was not an option. He also sent Tai Bai Yun Sheng to control the situation and settle the relevant administrative matters.</p> 
<p>After three days, this matter was finally settled.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng returned and reported to Hei Lou Lan, who invited him to a banquet.</p> 
<p>During the banquet, Hei Lou Lan lifted his wine cup as he said: "Old sir, please have a drink! It was our great fortune that old sir joined our tribe, allowing the army to face much fewer casualties and injuries. Old sir, you revived countless people, you have accomplished great deeds."</p> 
<p>"I am not worthy of such praise, but we have to try our very best at things, whether we succeed or not is up to heaven. With Longevity Heaven watching us, we can only do our best." Tai Bai Yun Sheng showed a look of shame, replying as he raised his cup. Hei Lou Lan's praise reminded him of Gao Yang and Zhu Zai.</p> 
<p>In truth, every since he returned from the blood hall, every word of praise that he heard felt like an insult, like sarcastic comments that were whipping at his soul.</p> 
<p>But today, after settling this matter, he resolved the conflict between Hei tribe and many small and middle sized tribes, in a way, he saved the lives of many Gu Masters.</p> 
<p>This made him feel slightly better.</p> 
<p>"With Longevity Heaven watching us, we can only do our best..." Hei Lou Lan drank his wine in one gulp, putting it down as he muttered, sighing: "Old sir's words are very accurate and articulate, it is truly well said. Longevity Heaven is watching us, the road to the future is filled with mystery and unexpected circumstances, as mortals, we can only do our best. Elder Tai Bai had already done his best, I, Hei Lou Lan, should do the same as well!"</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard this and suddenly felt that Hei Lou Lan had some additional meaning in his words, he immediately asked: "Lord tribe leader, what do you mean by that?"</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan laughed heartily, he was about to speak when Hei Shu came in with a report.</p> 
<p>His body was covered in blood, his expression was respectful and cautious, he came to Hei Lou Lan's side and said: "Reporting to lord tribe leader, the black banner army has not failed your expectations, we have already settled it appropriately."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt the killing aura around him and had a very ominous feeling, he quickly asked: "What do you mean by settled it appropriately? Hei Shu! What did you guys settle?"</p> 
<p>Hei Shu did not speak, he raised his eyebrows as he gave Tai Bai Yun Sheng a passing glance, showing disdain in his eyes towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng's compassionate and benevolent attitude.</p> 
<p>"Hahaha, elder Tai Bai! It is exactly like what you said — we can only do our best! You are doing your best, and I am doing the same! I have to do all I can to break through the rounds, and accomplish the mission given to me by the supreme elder. Tell me, these people ran away in the middle of our task, what crimes have they committed? They were able to develop to this extent because they relied on me. Taking advantages when they can, and hiding when there is trouble, is there such an easy and simple thing in this world? Hmph! If everyone was like that, would my army need to exist anymore? Will there be anyone left who would challenge the rounds with me?" Hei Lou Lan said this with a sharp and resolute tone, his eyes were shining with a ruthless light.</p> 
<p>Saying this, there was no need to mention what the task given to the black banner army was!</p> 
<p>"Hei Lou Lan, you!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng stood up in a flash.</p> 
<p>He stared at Hei Lou Lan with a furious gaze, he showed shock, anger, and even hatred on his face.</p> 
<p>"Insolent!" Hei Shu was unhappy and was about to strike, but Hei Lou Lan stretched out his hand and stopped him.</p> 
<p>"Elder Tai Bai, do not forget your current status." Hei Lou Lan kept away his ruthless expression and poured another cup of wine indifferently.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng clenched his fists, his body was shivering from pure anger.</p> 
<p>He stared at Hei Lou Lan fixatedly, he wanted to scold him, but no sound came out of his mouth.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan chuckled, pouring a cup of wine for Tai Bai Yun Sheng personally: "Old sir, take a seat, such beautiful and relaxing scenery paired with good wine and food, we should not let it go to waste."</p> 
<p>"Screw your good wine and food!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng swept his sleeves furiously, with a loud crash, all the wine cups fell onto the floor.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan was unmoved, instead he pointed at the dishes on the table as he laughed loudly: "Elder Tai Bai, this is a banquet to celebrate your success. If not for your support, why would they trust us so much and lend out their Gu? As they did not have their Gu worms with them, my black banner army could quickly swoop in and take them down, easily obliterating them. I have no one but you to thank for this."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard this and felt like lightning had struck him, he staggered three steps back as his face turned completely pale as paper.</p> 
<p>"Hei Lou Lan, you are really an unscrupulous scoundrel!"</p> 
<p>"Unscrupulous? I cannot believe this, you are saying such naive things? Elder Tai Bai, you were also once the young tribe leader of a tribe, after living for so many years, have you not seen the reality of this world? These so called political affairs have always been dirty."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng wanted to rebuke him, but there were no words he could say.</p> 
<p>He snorted coldly, turning around and leaving, walking out of the hall quickly without even turning back once.</p> 
<p>"Lord tribe leader, should I send people to surveil Tai Bai Yun Sheng?" Hei Shu inquired.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan raised his wine cup, his expression was plain, without a bit of nervousness. He glanced at Tai Bai Yun Sheng's back as he laughed coldly: "Tai Bai Yun Sheng is merely a healing Gu Master, what's there to be afraid of? His reputation? Hehe, after this matter, who would dare believe in him again? Good deeds go unnoticed, while bad deeds travel a thousand li..."</p> 
<p>Hei Shu heard this and his heart jumped: "Anyone who holds a high political position is an unfathomable schemer indeed!"</p> 
<p>At this point, he could see that Hei Lou Lan's actions were killing three birds with one stone.</p> 
<p>Firstly, by causing bloodshed in these small and middle tribes, he was creating an example to show the others. Secondly, he could suppress Tai Bai Yun Sheng, making him understand what status he is currently holding. Thirdly, it is to attack Tai Bai Yun Sheng's reputation, in order to strengthen his own political power.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng walked quickly towards the scene of the incident.</p> 
<p>The slaughter had ended, in order to create more fear in people, Hei Lou Lan did not order his men to clean up the area.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked around, his expression turning white, and his heart was shivering.</p> 
<p>The sacred palace was dyed in blood, corpses were everywhere on the ground.</p> 
<p>Not just strong adult men, there were even the old, the weak, women and children. Some of them had their eyes wide open, dying an indignant death; some of them had their arms and legs chopped off, some were cut in half, it was a gruesome sight; some had messy clothing, their expressions were twisted and in agony, it was evident that they had been humiliated in an inhuman way before they died...</p> 
<p>All of this... all of this...</p> 
<p>"It was all caused by me. If not for me trusting Hei Lou Lan, if not for me trying to mediate the tension between the two... I was too foolish, I was too naive! I did not manage to see Hei Lou Lan's ugly and evil intentions! All these people, they all died because they placed their trust in me!"</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's body was shivering, the intense smell of blood was assaulting him, and the scene of a sea of corpses lying on the ground was causing a huge impact on his fragile state of mind.</p> 
<p>His back was hunched, the mild wind blew at him and caused his beard to move slightly, he had deep wrinkles and a dazed expression, his fists were tightly clenched, soundlessly expressing the grief, agony, regret, and self blame that he was feeling deep in his heart!</p> 
<p>Plop.</p> 
<p>He kneeled on the ground weakly, holding himself up with his hands as the blood dyed his palms, his knees, and his pants bright red.</p> 
<p>"Sorry, I am sorry..."</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng wept profusely, at once, his face was like an overflowing river.</p> 
<p>"This is a good person... even though there is also darkness in his heart, in the end, there is great terror when one is between life and death. Facing death, which normal person would not lose themselves?" Far away, at a hidden corner, Fang Yuan had been observing this intently and silently.</p> 
<p>He watched the scene unfold with his very own eyes.</p> 
<p>It turned out that the black coffin luck represented a severe disaster that would threaten his life. The extermination of these tribes was the best proof of that.</p> 
<p>Meanwhile, the death energy on his body was more than dozens of times thicker than these tribes' members, even a hundred times as thick!</p> 
<p>"Hehe, this is so interesting. Luck huh..." Fang Yuan's lips curled into a cold and arrogant smile, he wanted to see if this so called bad luck could stop him in his steps.</p> 
<p>"In this life, there is no person, any reason, or any difficulties that can affect my determination in moving forward!" His gaze was cold and still as ice, looking towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>"Who said that kind people will be rewarded?" Thinking of this, Fang Yuan's cold expression turned into one that had a trace of sarcasm: "Then let me give you a hand."</p> 
<p>He activated his Gu worms in secret, forming an illusory voice that was untraceable, as the soundwaves entered Tai Bai Yun Sheng's ears one by one.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's state of mind was close to collapsing, his mind was extremely susceptible to influences.</p> 
<p>At this moment, he could hear a voice, it sounded just like Gao Yang and Zhu Zai.</p> 
<p>"I believe in you! You will definitely save us, isn't that right?"</p> 
<p>"Old sir, you are our benefactor. We are grateful to you, we are willing to risk our lives in order to come forward and help you!"</p> 
<p>"Ah!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng screamed suddenly, opening his eyes abruptly.</p> 
<p>With his blurred vision due to his tears, he looked at the blood puddle on the ground.</p> 
<p>The blood puddle rippled, as the nightmare that haunted him appeared once again, the image of Gao Yang and Zhu Zai dying from the sea of blood beasts!</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's body shuddered, he was still like a statue, but the next moment, he raised his head and screamed with all of his energy.</p> 
<p>"AHHHHHHHHHH!"</p> 
<p>His shrill and hoarse voice resounded in this bloody slaughterhouse.</p> 
<p>"Hehehe, hihihi, hahaha!"</p> 
<p>When his screaming ended, Tai Bai Yun Sheng started laughing like a maniac.</p> 
<p>His laughter contained the feeling of madness, but also anger and sadness, there was also a trace of mockery towards himself, towards the mortal world.</p> 
<p>"Crazy? He's crazy!"</p> 
<p>"Elder Tai Bai has gone mad!!"</p> 
<p>The surrounding Hei tribe Gu Masters were shouting in shock.</p> 
<p>Meanwhile, Fang Yuan was curling his lips and smiling, he was a transmigrator, and had also undergone rebirth, his rich life experience had allowed him to grasp the psychology of people to a very precise degree.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a very good person.</p> 
<p>But his subconscious action in the blood hall was akin to betrayal.</p> 
<p>This action created suspicion, doubts, and denial that he felt towards himself in terms of his personal values.</p> 
<p>If a person denied himself, and suspected himself, then he would no doubt fall into a deep abyss of agony.</p> 
<p>Very evidently, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was in great pain, he felt guilt in his heart, almost every night, he was tormented by a similar nightmare.</p> 
<p>For him to accept that he had some kind of despicable and lowly character as a fact, it would be impossible to do so. His entire life revolved around justice and benevolence, he had walked on this road for too long, he wanted to return to it, but he knew that in the deepest part of his heart, this action formed a barrier that he could not cross.</p> 
<p>He was stuck in the abyss of agony, sinking deeper and deeper the more he struggled.</p> 
<p>The tribe leaders' request towards him was a chance that he had towards salvation, and a redemption for his mistakes.</p> 
<p>If he could really succeed, it was undeniably the best medicine for him to pay for his sins, and he would be able to forgive himself.</p> 
<p>But the truth was, Hei Lou Lan ordered a mass slaughter, not leaving even a single woman or child behind. This in turn caused Tai Bai Yun Sheng to become the biggest assistant in this murder spree.</p> 
<p>His medicine turned into a heart piercing poison, the intense toxins caused him to lose himself, his mental state was close to breaking down.</p> 
<p>At this juncture, Fang Yuan pushed him lightly, finally causing Tai Bai Yun Sheng to explode, breaking from the deepest part of his heart.</p> 
<p>Perhaps only Fang Yuan could understand him at this point.</p> 
<p>To put it in another way, after searching through his soul, Fang Yuan, who had seen Tai Bai Yun Sheng's entire life, could be said to know him intimately.</p> 
<p>But the cruel reality was, this person was not his kin or his friend, he was an enemy plotting against him.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan, who was hidden in the darkness listening to Tai Bai Yun Sheng's laughter, looked on with an expression of appreciation, smiling lightly.</p> 
<p>This was a respectable and pitiful old man, he screamed his lungs out, in his laughter, on his face full of tears, he was questioning himself, he was questioning the cruelty of this mortal world, fate was toying with him and he was helpless to resist.</p> 
<p>"If you deny even yourself, what can you do?" Fang Yuan muttered lightly, his gaze was as deep as night.</p> 
<p>"Go to the blood hall again and try to challenge the round? No, if you are there, your mind will be full of Gao Yang and Zhu Zai's images. Go seek help? Who can help you now? Hei Lou Lan? It can be assumed that you have just fallen out with him. Or rather, even if you manage to get the lifespan Gu, will you be able to use it with peace of mind?"</p> 
<p>"Hehe, the current you, what options do you possibly have? What choices can you still make? Denying yourself, wallowing in self pity, feeling intense pain and grief, you, a person who is facing a trial of your conscience, what option do you have?"</p> 
<p>In Fang Yuan's heart, an answer was becoming clearer.</p> 
<p>"Thus, go ahead and make your decision, I hope you will not let me down!" In the darkness, Fang Yuan's gaze was shining as he looked at the crazy Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was laughing wildly, his voice was bitter like he was wailing.</p> 
<p>He tore his clothes, as tears and mucus were mixing on his face, he did not have the demeanour of a rank five peak state expert at this point.</p> 
<p>He was someone who feared death, but he was also a good person who was pushed into a corner by this cruel and ice cold mortal world.</p> 
<p>In truth, he was more like a —</p> 
<p>Pitiful person.</p> 
<p>Since some time ago, a mild wind had started blowing.</p> 
<p>The wind gradually grew bigger and bigger, as clouds were forming in the sky.</p> 
<p>With Tai Bai Yun Sheng as the center, the surroundings were quietly and rapidly transforming</p> 
<p>Some sort of mystical change had started, heaven and earth were beginning to tremble.</p> 
<p>"You did not disappoint me in the end..." Fang Yuan was extremely excited, he took his leave and vanished without a trace.</p> 
<p>He rapidly travelled far away, retreating.</p> 
<p>Because...</p> 
<p>It was no joke when a Gu Master advances into an immortal.</p> 
<p>Soon, the wind and clouds went wild, as heaven and earth changed!</p> 
<p>The dark and thick black clouds looked like they were about to collapse at any time, destroying the sacred palace.</p> 
<p>In and out of the sacred palace, shouting could be heard everywhere.</p> 
<p>"What is going on?"</p> 
<p>"What in the world is happening?!"</p> 
<p>Countless people did not know what was happening, they fell into a panic.</p> 
<p>"This... could it be?!" Some people with greater knowledge and experience stared at this grand scene with a dumbfounded expression.</p> 
<p>"Go investigate, go investigate! Who is it?!" In the hall, Hei Lou Lan was furiously screaming.</p> 
<p>"Lord, it is Tai Bai Yun Sheng!" Hei Shu was full of sweat as he stumbled his way into the hall and reported this.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan's expression froze, he was as still as a statue for a moment.</p> 
<p>A few breaths later, he reacted and shouted with a twisted expression: "Retreat! Order everyone to leave the sacred palace. Of course, those who wish to die can stay here!"</p>
    </body>
</html>
