<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 554: Plotting is difficult, Living is tough</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 554: Plotting is difficult, Living is tough</h1>
        
        <p>It was a tower.</p> 
<p>Like a spring bamboo shoot, it was tall and slender and was upright.</p> 
<p>The tower's shape was vague with all kinds of gorgeous colors, like a body of colorful ink in the shape of a tower as it continually shook.</p> 
<p>"This is the initial appearance of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, and only when the storm and snow covers the northern plains, and all the small towers of Imperial Court blessed land sink to the ground, will each layer of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building stabilize. Only then can one enter inside and explore." Fang Yuan stood at the entrance of his residence and looked to the direction of the dome.</p> 
<p>At this moment, there were shouts of jubilation and surprise in sacred palace. Gu Masters were cheering in high spirits while many mortals kneeled on the ground, praising the might of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.</p> 
<p>"But even when Eighty-Eight True Yang Building takes form completely, I won't be able to enter because I am not a descendant of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and don't have his bloodline. If I want to enter inside, I would need Hei Lou Lan to get me a guest token. Well, there is no hurry, is True Yang Building so easy to rush into? Hei Lou Lan will need external help like me sooner or later."</p> 
<p>After a while, Fang Yuan retracted his gaze and walked back to his room.</p> 
<p>As the door of the room closed, the sound of cheers from the outside immediately softened.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan entered a secret room specially meant for cultivation and sat upright on a cushion.</p> 
<p>"Both of my apertures have now already reached rank five peak stage. In regards to enslavement path, I have azure wolf group, while with regards to strength path, I have killer move four arm wind king. Combined with my battle experience, I am already at the peak among the mortals. But to deal with a Gu Immortal..."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's brows slowly started to furrow.</p> 
<p>He was well aware of the enormous gap between immortal and mortal; a mortal going against an immortal was as hard as ascending to heaven.</p> 
<p>To him, the best situation right now would be Tai Bai Yun Sheng already having the recipe for Immortal Gu Landscape As Before in his mind.</p> 
<p>It would not have been good for Fang Yuan to make a move outside in northern plains, but it would be very convenient for him to do so in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.</p> 
<p>Using Gu to plunder river as before and mountain as before Gu from Tai Bai Yun Sheng, and then plunder the Immortal Gu recipe from his mind.</p> 
<p>With such ample conditions, Fang Yuan could jump out of the chessboard and directly kill Tai Bai Yun Sheng who had yet to become an immortal, and then use the third refinement opportunity to request Lang Ya land spirit to refine landscape as before Gu.</p> 
<p>However, the possibility of Tai Bai Yun Sheng, a mortal, possessing the Immortal Gu recipe of Landscape As Before was next to nothing.</p> 
<p>Moreover, according to the vague rumors in his previous life, when Tai Bai Yun Sheng became a Gu Immortal, heaven and earth reacted and Dao marks attracted each other, making the two rank five Gu spontaneously merge together to form rank six Immortal Gu Landscape As Before.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had a prudent nature, and would never place all his hopes on an indistinct future.</p> 
<p>"If the situation is messed up, then I will have to deal with the Gu Immortal Tai Bai Yun Sheng. At that time, I can only rely on myself. Azure wolf group and four arm wind king clearly won't be enough."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's strength was already at the peak among mortals. Despite cultivation of both enslavement and strength path having the greatest unresolved issue, he was still among the first class of rank five experts.</p> 
<p>If compared to southern border, he was in the same level as Shang clan's genius clan leader Shang Yan Fei and Wu clan leader Empress Wu Ji.</p> 
<p>Using the experiences of his past lives, the advantage of rebirth and taking a series of risks, struggling at death's door several times, Fang Yuan achieved such rapid growth that it would shock the world.</p> 
<p>But even so, in front of a Gu Immortal, even if it was a newly advanced Gu Immortal, this strength was not enough.</p> 
<p>"To resolve this huge issue, there are only about three ways."</p> 
<p>"First is to search Eighty-Eight True Yang Building for the strongest Gu worms or unique methods."</p> 
<p>"Second is to secretly make arrangements against Tai Bai Yun Sheng as much as possible so that there will be ample preparation when I have to truly make a move."</p> 
<p>"Third is to resolve the problem of enslavement and strength dual cultivation and raise my battle strength further."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan silently pondered.</p> 
<p>He was fully aware that he had exhausted almost all his previous life's foundation in creating four arm wind king. After all, he had specialized in blood path in his previous life and had only dabbled in enslavement and strength paths.</p> 
<p>The so-called plots and traps against Gu Immortals were too inferior to be even mentioned and were not reliable. Fang Yuan had advanced to Gu Immortal in his previous life, thus he knew when a mortal transformed to a Gu Immortal, from their head to toe, inside to outside, they would go through baptism, and even their appearance would change.</p> 
<p>The only thing that he could truly place high hopes on was Eighty-Eight True Yang Building!</p> 
<p>Days passed by, the golden light and silver light in the sky continued to switch between one another.</p> 
<p>Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was still gradually forming, its sunset hues gradually rose and covered most of the sacred palace in its light.</p> 
<p>Cool wind breezed through Imperial Court blessed land with birds singing and the fragrance of flowers filling the air. But at the outside world in northern plains, snow had continued to fall for over a month already.</p> 
<p>Blizzard was spreading over the northern plains in full force with its bone-chilling cold wind and snow.</p> 
<p>Both the sky and ground were a scene of white, and mist covered one's vision.</p> 
<p>Trees had already started dying and were frozen into pillars of ice. Mounds and hills were covered with thick layers of snow and large piles had formed in valleys as well.</p> 
<p>Beast groups died in large numbers and even weeds with vigorous life force were also frozen into ice.</p> 
<p>Even when one spat, the saliva would instantly turn into ice.</p> 
<p>But heaven never blocked all paths, somehow, there would always be a trace of hope left.</p> 
<p>In each region of northern plains, there were remnants of tribes. Some were small and some big, and relying on geographically advantageous places like warm pond valley, they were able to resist the wind and snow and survive in the blizzard.</p> 
<p>Man tribe who occupied Hong Yan valley was one of them.</p> 
<p>Hall of affairs.</p> 
<p>The elders divided into two rows with Man tribe leader sitting high at the main seat.</p> 
<p>Rank three external elder Shi Wu kneeled on the ground: "Lord tribe leader, I come forward to beg for forgiveness."</p> 
<p>"Oh, what is your fault?" Man Tu asked with a slight smile.</p> 
<p>"Reporting to lord tribe leader, I was in charge of looking after spirit spring D, but it suddenly froze and dried up yesterday, it is now ruined." Shi Wu respectfully replied.</p> 
<p>"Hehehe, not a problem." Man Tu lightly waved his hand; as a matter of fact, he had already known this news.</p> 
<p>"Elder Shi Wu, stand up, it is the ten year disaster now, there is a chance of every spirit spring suddenly freezing and drying up. This is not your fault."</p> 
<p>'Lord tribe leader's kindness knows no bounds, I am ashamed!' Shi Wu was moved to tears and sighed inwardly.</p> 
<p>His surname was Shi and was half an outsider to Man tribe. Although he had married into Man tribe, but he had still been pushed aside.</p> 
<p>A problem occurred in the spirit spring he had been put in charge of, this matter could have been big or small. Fortunately, this generation's Man tribe leader was open-minded and did not look into it.</p> 
<p>"However, anything concerning spirit springs are major affairs of the tribe. Man Duo, how many spirit springs do we have left now?" Man Tu's brows slightly furrowed as he asked.</p> 
<p>Man Duo was Man Tu's third son; thin and small in physique but was shrewd and crafty, and had been assisting Man Tu in handling internal affairs of the tribe till now.</p> 
<p>He immediately replied: "Lord father, Hong Yan valley now still has seven spirit springs marked A, B, C, E, F, G and H. Among them, G and H spirit springs are already close to drying up and will only last less than a month."</p> 
<p>"Alright." Man Tu nodded, "That is to say, a month later, we will only have five spirit springs. Elders, what do you think?"</p> 
<p>"Lord tribe leader, this thing is very difficult to deal with. This is a natural disaster, it is almost impossible for humans to reverse the situation, we might as well cut down on the primeval stones given to Gu Masters."</p> 
<p>"Hong Yan valley's eight spirit springs were accumulated bitterly over these ten years by our tribe. The situation of our tribe this year is much better than the previous times. It is all thanks to Lord tribe leader's wise guidance that we don't need to worry, other tribes are in a much more worse situation."</p> 
<p>"Even if all the spirit springs dry up, it won't be much problem. Wait till this ten year snow disaster passes, and at that time, new spirit springs will emerge one after another; when fortune arises after extreme suffering."</p> 
<p>Elders expressed their thoughts one after another.</p> 
<p>Man Tu calmly listened to them and nodded: "Spirit springs are very important for a Gu Master's cultivation and cannot be neglected. It is difficult for a Gu Master's cultivation to progress without primeval stones. The blizzard has just started, snow monsters will start roaming about soon. The main defense of the Hong Yan valley will still rely on Gu Masters."</p> 
<p>He paused before mumbling: "Let's do it like this, take out one spring egg Gu from the tribe warehouse and plant it. This new spirit spring shall be titled D."</p> 
<p>"Lord tribe leader, spring egg Gu is a rank five Gu." An elder objected in heartache.</p> 
<p>Man Tu raised his brows: "So what if it is a rank five Gu? You all know that only with a spirit spring's supply of primeval stones can our tribe's Gu Masters advance forward continually. They can then preserve their strength and prepare themselves when resisting snow monsters. As long as there is not a huge loss of our Gu Masters, our tribe can preserve its strength. And when the blizzard passes and spring blossoms, it will be time for our tribe to realize our ambitions!"</p> 
<p>Realize our ambitions...</p> 
<p>The elders' eyes brightened at these words.</p> 
<p>Man Tu had been putting all his efforts in developing the tribe and under his leadership, Man tribe had continually expanded and swallowed many small tribes over these years. Now, Man tribe was occupying Hong Yan valley, it could already be said to be a ruler of a region.</p> 
<p>But from his words, everyone could hear this Man tribe leader still wanted to progress further. The current Man tribe was still not able to satisfy his ambitions!</p> 
<p>The elder who had objected quickly apologized: "Lord tribe leader is wise and resolute, I am willing to lay down my life at tribe leader's command."</p> 
<p>"We are willing to give our lives for tribe leader!" Soon after, the other elders spoke together.</p> 
<p>"Having everyone with me, we can seek supremacy." Man Tu laughed loudly, then his expression concentrated and he ordered, "Elder Shi Wu will be in charge of the new spirit spring D."</p> 
<p>Everyone present gazed at Shi Wu with envy.</p> 
<p>Looking after a spirit spring was a lucrative job.</p> 
<p>Shi Wu was truly moved this time, his eyes reddened as he said: "I am fortunate to have tribe leader's trust, I will definitely do my best to repay the tribe!"</p> 
<p>The discussions continued for a while longer before everyone dispersed.</p> 
<p>Shi Wu did not leave, instead following Man Duo to the tribe warehouse and took a spring egg Gu.</p> 
<p>"This is spring egg Gu?" Shi Wu held the Gu in his hand and gazed at it strangely, his tone trembling.</p> 
<p>His expression quickly concentrated and he then bowed towards Man Duo: "Third young master, please enlighten me on how to activate this Gu."</p> 
<p>Man Duo smiled as he saw Shi Wu adapting to circumstances: "I do not dare to give you advice. This spring egg Gu is a rank five Gu and has extremely high demand on primeval essence, even a rank five middle stage Gu Master cannot activate it at one try. Elder Shi Wu, you have a rank three cultivation, and as such you would need to use lasting Gu and continuing Gu to activate it. But this way, the quickest it will take for you to plant the spirit spring is close to a month. Elder, you don't need to worry, I will help you by the side during this time."</p> 
<p>"I am very grateful to third young master." Shi Wu promptly expressed his thanks.</p>
    </body>
</html>
