<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 513: Seven Star Light</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 513: Seven Star Light</h1>
        
        <p>From the back of the twin-headed rhino, Shadow Sword Expert and Flying Lightning looked around everywhere.</p> 
<p>In the chaotic battlefield, dozen or so rank four Gu Masters had formed their own battle rings out of which three matches were finished; Hei tribe won two while Dong Fang tribe won one.</p> 
<p>Several divisions of elite troops were still fighting against each other, and because of Dong Fang Yu Liang's scheme, Hei tribe was on the losing end in this aspect.</p> 
<p>The battle of wolf group with crocodile, crab and bat group was also in a deadlock.</p> 
<p>There was no sign of Fang Yuan, no one knew where he was hiding.</p> 
<p>Bian Si Xuan and Dong Po Kong searched in vain, their expression turning several shades darker.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang soon accepted the fact of this failure, he smiled brightly: "This is somewhat interesting, but still within my expectations. As long as Wolf King continues to command the wolf group, his soul fluctuations will be revealed and sooner or later, we will find his position. Hei Lou Lan, your loss has only been momentarily delayed."</p> 
<p>"Hahaha." Hei Lou Lan threw his head back and laughed loudly, his laughter containing a disdainful intent, "Dong Fang child, you really think I was restrained by you?"</p> 
<p>Saying so, the skin on his whole body turned pitch dark like the night. At the same time, endless black smoke oozed out of the pores on his body.</p> 
<p>The black smoke surged and soon covered his whole body.</p> 
<p>In just moments, Hei Lou Lan turned into a human shaped black smoke with smoke rising in spirals. When looked from outside, one would only see a pair of bloodthirsty eyes.</p> 
<p>A very ominent feeling welled up in Dong Fang Yu Liang's heart.</p> 
<p>A thought to retreat immediately crossed in his mind.</p> 
<p>However, although the cloud whirlpool was restricting the dark vortex and restraining Hei Lou Lan, in another aspect, was it not same as the dark vortex restricting cloud whirlpool?</p> 
<p>The next instant, Hei Lou Lan turned into black smoke and actually entered into the dark vortex.</p> 
<p>"Not good!" Dong Fang Yu Liang immediately felt his blood run cold.</p> 
<p>But it was already too late.</p> 
<p>The dark giant sphere that was as big as a small hill, was originally being slowly swallowed bit by bit by the cloud whirlpool. But suddenly, the dark vortex rapidly shrunk.</p> 
<p>The cloud vortex was unable to react in time and quickly contracted with the flow of the dark vortex.</p> 
<p>But next instant, the dark vortex suddenly expanded violently.</p> 
<p>"No, instead of saying expansion, it is better to call it — explosion!" Dong Fang Yu Liang was overwhelmed.</p> 
<p>There was no sound, it was a soundless explosion.</p> 
<p>The cloud whirlpool could only hold for three breaths before it was burst by the dark vortex. The dark giant sphere continually enlarged and swallowed everything, be it humans or beasts like a prehistoric giant monster.</p> 
<p>Only when it covered a radius of ten li, did the semi-circular dark sphere disappear.</p> 
<p>There was no sound wave like that of a normal explosion and also no windforce was generated. This strange tyrannical explosion had the nature of corrosion with the ability to melt everything.</p> 
<p>After the dark vortex disappeared, ten <em>li</em> of battlefield was completely cleared, with only Hei Lou Lan remaining in the air and Dong Fang Yu Liang who was in a deep crater on the ground.</p> 
<p>All the remaining humans or beasts within the radius of the explosion of the dark vortex were eroded into nothingness!</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan looked down at Dong Fang Yu Liang with extreme exhaustion, he was gasping for breath and his whole body was soaked in dark red blood.</p> 
<p>But the corners of his lips had curled up into a crazed, sinister smile.</p> 
<p>"Hahaha, Dong Fang Yu Liang, since you can think of this cloud whirlpool killer move to restrict dark vortex, I can also improve on my killer move! How is it, how is the taste of the banquet I prepared for you meticulously? This is a trump card which I have been concealing all along, not even letting my kin know."</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan laughed wildly, his laughter echoing throughout the whole battlefield.</p> 
<p>For a moment, his aura pressed down on his surroundings, even the Gu Masters in the battle could not help but gaze towards him.</p> 
<p>When they saw Hei Lou Lan occupying the upper hand, Hei tribe's Gu Masters' morale surged high while Dong Fang tribe's Gu Masters felt a heavy pressure on their heart.</p> 
<p>The generals were the source of courage of the troops, the fight between Hei Lou Lan and Dong Fang Yu Liang was crucial to the soldiers, it was very important and was not only a matter that concerned an individual life or death, but would influence this great battlefield.</p> 
<p>"Cough cough..."</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan was laughing wildly, when suddenly he spurted out several mouthfuls of dark blood.</p> 
<p>Although this move was very powerful, it would also cause self-harm. It was classified as a self-harming move and no matter what the result, once it was activated, most of the Gu worms that formed the dark vortex killer move would die.</p> 
<p>Once Gu worms died, the Gu Masters would naturally suffer from backlash.</p> 
<p>But this move was already very profitable.</p> 
<p>In one move, Hei Lou Lan not only escaped from the trap, he was able to counter-pressure Dong Fang Yu Liang and also kill Wei Xin, Jiang Wan Shan and E Xuan Ming who were in three hearts combination soul state.</p> 
<p>With these three people dead, the mixed beast group immediately began to fight against each other with there being no one to guide them. Just like Fang Yuan said before, they crumbled.</p> 
<p>With this mixed beast group rushing everywhere and attacking recklessly, the battlefield turned even more chaotic.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang rose up slowly with a solemn expression.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan had kept this move extremely confidential. Dong Fang Yu Liang did not even have a trace of any relevant clue, so he had not expected for the killer move to be improved with such terrifying destructive power.</p> 
<p>As a matter of fact, he had secretly prepared a means of escape for E Xuan Ming, Wei Xin and Jiang Wang Shan, which could directly transfer these three to the rear of the battlefield.</p> 
<p>However, when Hei Lou Lan was improving on his killer move, he added a space path Gu as well. Thus, when the dark vortex exploded, the surrounding space was locked and Dong Fang Yu Liang's methods lost their effectiveness.</p> 
<p>"Dong Fang Yu Liang, it is still not late for you to accept your defeat. As long as you surrender, I can let bygones be bygones and forget all my past hatred, and appoint you as my first military advisor." Hei Lou Lan tried to make Dong Fang Yu Liang surrender in front of everyone.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang coldly smiled.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan's lustful nature was widely known and had already been coveting after his sister Dong Fang Qing Yu. Dong Fang Yu Liang might surrender to other forces, but he would never choose to pledge allegiance to Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>"Hei Lou Lan, you are really too optimistic. Even if your side is occupying the upper hand, you are still a long way from victory. Come, let us fight. Seven Star Light!"</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang softly shouted, seven lights swiftly rose up beside him.</p> 
<p>These seven lights had different colors, continually rotating around his body, drawing a beautiful light orbit.</p> 
<p>This was Dong Fang Yu Liang's signature killer move. These seven lights had different effects and under their empowerment, Dong Fang Yu Liang activated star thought Gu.</p> 
<p><em>Whooshh...</em></p> 
<p>Countless thoughts gushed out as bright as starlight. The radiance of these star thoughts could not be covered even by the sunlight.</p> 
<p>A sea of star thoughts rose up to the air and within few breaths of time, Dong Fang Yu Liang had tens of thousands of star thoughts.</p> 
<p>In the air, starlights merged into one and formed a large patch of star cloud which surged forward with great momentum.</p> 
<p>"Hei Lou Lan, take this!" Dong Fang Yu Liang shouted and shot the star thoughts beside him towards Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>Such an enormous scale of star thoughts burst through the wind with astonishing grandeur.</p> 
<p>"Hmph!" A trace of fear flashed past the depths of Hei Lou Lan's pupils.</p> 
<p>Wisdom path Gu Masters were not defenseless people. Each Gu Master path had its own attacking methods.</p> 
<p>A path without any attacking methods would be eliminated and vanish in the passage of history.</p> 
<p>Many years ago, Hei Lou Lan and Dong Fang Yu Liang had crossed swords. At that time, just a scale of several thousand star thoughts was enough to make Hei Lou Lan suffer greatly.</p> 
<p>Star thoughts were very fast and would directly attack the enemy's mind from any direction possible, and were very difficult to guard against.</p> 
<p>"So many star thoughts, it seems Dong Fang Yu Liang really intends to bet his life! Creating so many star thoughts without any restriction, it is already no longer as simple as injuring soul or body; no matter what the outcome of this battle is, Dong Fang Yu Liang will lose at least two years of his lifespan. My state is not good now, I had better avoid it first."</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan had thoughts of retreating when he looked at such a large scale of star thoughts.</p> 
<p>He disappeared from the spot, appearing thousand steps away.</p> 
<p>But star thoughts were as fast as lightning as they chased after Hei Lou Lan without giving up.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan snorted, healing himself while continually dodging.</p> 
<p>The enormous start cloud formed from the star thoughts, continued to chase after Hei Lou Lan, devastating everything in its path.</p> 
<p>Some Gu Masters with weak willpower were directly struck into idiocy by the star thoughts.</p> 
<p>Most of the Gu Masters whose minds were struck by star thoughts, immediately felt dizzy and could not keep standing stably.</p> 
<p>Only few Gu Master experts with firm willpower, moved their thoughts to destroy the external star thoughts. But because of these Gu Masters resisting the star thoughts, the intense battle had slowed down.</p> 
<p>Rank four Gu Masters could rampage through the battlefield, but once a rank five Gu Master moved, they could influence the whole situation.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang made an all-out attack, pressing down Hei Lou Lan into disadvantage.The star cloud formed from the majestic star thoughts became the first force to dominate the battlefield.</p> 
<p>Although star thoughts exhausted rapidly, the star thoughts Dong Fang Yu Liang created were extremely fast.</p> 
<p>As time passed, the size of the star cloud did not decrease, but instead slightly increased.</p> 
<p>Almost everyone in the battlefield were concentrating on the star cloud. When the star cloud neared, most of the Gu Masters would choose to flee, afraid of being struck into idiocy.</p> 
<p>However, Dong Fang Yu Liang did not have the least bit of joy and was instead filled with worry.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan's movement Gu was outstanding, even star thoughts could not catch up. Dong Fang Yu Liang knew clearly there were two people who were the most significant in Hei alliance army - Hei Lou Lan and Chang Shan Yin.</p> 
<p>Right now, Hei Lou Lan was escaping faster than a rabbit while Chang Shan Yin was hiding somewhere, meticulously suppressing his soul and only using a portion to control the wolf group. The chance of bringing him out in the light in this chaotic battlefield was extremely minute.</p> 
<p>"Since it is so, I shall destroy your elite troops. I want to see if you can still keep on enduring!" A cold glint flashed in Dong Fang Yu Liang's eyes; the star thought cloud suddenly changed direction and charged towards the battle rings of the elite troops.</p> 
<p>These elite troops were at least of rank two cultivation with rank three Gu Masters as their leaders.</p> 
<p>They had numerical advantage but could never be Dong Fang Yu Liang's match. Under the special consideration of star thought cloud, Hei tribe's blue butterfly elite troop immediately collapsed with countless casualties.</p> 
<p>"My elite troop!" At this sight, Ye tribe leader shouted in heartache.</p> 
<p>"Still not coming out?" Dong Fang Yu Liang slightly raised his brows and mobilized star thought cloud to attack war dog elite troop.</p> 
<p>War dog elite troop was immediately disrupted and the surrounding elite troops took this chance to besiege them, killing this elite troop quickly and easily.</p> 
<p>"My war dog elite troop!" Wang tribe leader's body trembled in heartache. Who knew how much resources and energy Wang tribe had used to cultivate this elite troop.</p> 
<p>Such precious battle force was destroyed within moments.</p> 
<p>"Hm, still not coming out to rescue them?" Dong Fang Yu Liang's brows furrowed deeper. Killing two elite troops one after another had caused a huge consumption in the star thoughts, if not for him continually creating new star thoughts, the star thought cloud would have already been used up.</p> 
<p>Despite the empowerment from seven star lights, Dong Fang Yu Liang still felt an intense weakness at this moment. Strands of white began to appear in his bluish-black hair.</p> 
<p>"Kill, kill, i want to see how long you can maintain this killer move." Fang Yuan who was hiding in some corner enjoying this scene through wolf care Gu while smiling coldly.</p> 
<p>To him, the more people that died, the more souls he would be able to collect after the battle.</p> 
<p>Anyway, as long as they obtained victory at the end, he still held the qualification to enter Imperial Court.</p> 
<p>Dong Fang Yu Liang was trying to force Fang Yuan out by slaughtering the elite troops; but it will only happen in his sweet dreams.</p>
    </body>
</html>
