<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 628: Formidable Hei Lou Lan</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 628: Formidable Hei Lou Lan</h1>
        
        <p>In true inheritance secluded domain, Fang Yuan was surrounded by the thick lump of the three colored qi, his body completely hidden.</p> 
<p>"Junior brother, you have to control yourself. I am not concerned with you having to deal with the emotional turbulence, but I'm afraid that you are young and brave, and might be greedy towards the mysteries of the Great Dao, forgetting your limits and taking in too much heaven and earth qi." Tai Bai Yun Sheng's gaze was filled with worry.</p> 
<p>Heaven and earth qi had already spread to his surroundings, he had to flew away from Fang Yuan slowly.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will who was fighting with him over the control of the supreme true inheritance slowed his steps.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's pressure reduced, and his situation turned for the better.</p> 
<p>"This accursed scoundrel, he actually has so much human qi. Damn it, why hasn't he lost balance yet?" The river-like Giant Sun's will gritted his teeth and cursed.</p> 
<p>He was not the only one hoping for such a result, Hei Lou Lan and the others were having the same thoughts.</p> 
<p>"This guy is so young, yet he can balance the three qi for so long!"</p> 
<p>"He and Tai Bai Yun Sheng address each other as disciple brothers, they must have some extraordinary origin. Don't tell me he is really going to become a Gu Immortal?"</p> 
<p>"No way! Is becoming a Gu Immortal so easy! Do you think Ancestor Giant Sun is useless?"</p> 
<p>Everyone conversed in secret, not daring to make a move. With such intense heaven and earth qi, once they suffer a backlash, it would be no joke.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was inside the lump of qi, but his calm face showed a faint smile.</p> 
<p>"Incredible, simply incredible..." his eyes were shut tight as he mumbled. All sorts of Great Dao mysteries were flowing into his mind like a warm spring.</p> 
<p>In his previous life, Fang Yuan underwent immortal ascension and became a blood path Gu Immortal, this was his second ascension.</p> 
<p>With this valuable experience, he was much calmer than any other Gu Master in the world. Compared to usual Gu Masters, he also knew the truth behind this event.</p> 
<p>Man is the spirit of all being, they have the greatest spirituality. Gu are the essence of heaven and earth, they are the carriers of the Great Dao.</p> 
<p>Any path to longevity was a path of transcendency.</p> 
<p>To transcend, one needed accumulation.</p> 
<p>And the most basic method of accumulating one's foundation was to learn.</p> 
<p>Gu Masters use Gu, nurture Gu, and refine Gu. From Gu, they learn about the mysteries of heaven and earth indirectly.</p> 
<p>But when a Gu Master undergoes ascension, they were directly conversing and interacting with heaven and earth.</p> 
<p>This interaction was extremely precious, most likely, each person only had one of such an opportunity in their life.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan treasured this opportunity greatly, he grabbed onto it and tried his best to make use of it.</p> 
<p>The mysteries of heaven and earth were even deeper and more profound than the depths of the sea. Fang Yuan knew his limits, he did not venture into it aimlessly, but instead, steered towards strength path, deepening his understanding and feeling the true essence of this path.</p> 
<p>He had after all, only cultivated strength path on the side in his previous life, even though he cultivated strength path directly in this life, it was only for a short time.</p> 
<p>His original attainment in strength path, strictly speaking, was only quasi strength path master.</p> 
<p>But making use of this opportunity, his understanding of strength path surged, bursting through the sky! Very quickly, he got past the barrier to strength path master, quickly surpassing master realm and charging towards the realm of grandmaster.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had no choice but to do this.</p> 
<p>The second aperture that he shattered had the rank four all-out effort Gu as its vital Gu. This Gu was of the strength path, if it was put in first during the third step, it would help Fang Yuan become a strength path Gu Immortal.</p> 
<p>But this Gu was not rank five, with a lower rank, Fang Yuan could only use a higher strength path attainment to compensate for the difference, otherwise, the third step of putting in Gu would be extremely risky. If the immortal aperture could not be created, this immortal ascension would end in failure.</p> 
<p>Outside True Yang Building.</p> 
<p>Intense winds were blowing, tribulation lightning was striking!</p> 
<p>The heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities formed a cocoon qi lump, the qi lump was extremely huge and completely covered Eighty-Eight True Yang Building within it.</p> 
<p>After Fang Yuan shattered his aperture, the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities underwent a new terrifying change.</p> 
<p>In order to protect Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Giant Sun's will had no choice but to resist it, now was the crucial moment!</p> 
<p>Bam...</p> 
<p>Following the intense sounds of the wind, nine snow white chaotic branching teeth shot out together like lightning.</p> 
<p>Their speed was so fast only nine shadows could be seen, resembling flashes of lightning.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will was already mentally prepared, he had been waiting.</p> 
<p>The will armor that was shielding Eighty-Eight True Yang Building increased in thickness by many times, becoming ten meters thick.</p> 
<p>At the same time, Giant Sun's will split out dozens of will hands, opening the palms and creating a barrier in the air.</p> 
<p>Nine chaotic branching teeth shot down at once, during their descent they collided with each other, causing their directions to change randomly, turning left and right, it was unpredictable.</p> 
<p>The will hands flew around following them, defending desperately.</p> 
<p>The chaotic branching teeth pierced many of the will hands, stabbing the main Giant Sun's will and causing nine deep holes to appear on the thick will armor that was a thousand times tougher than steel.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will grunted, the will's main body was only chaotic for a moment before calming down.</p> 
<p>Looking at his injuries, Giant Sun's will could not help but feel shocked.</p> 
<p>Nine wounds of varying depth, two were six meters deep, almost piercing into Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, it was really a dangerous scene.</p> 
<p>"Thankfully, I spared no effort in destroying half of the chaotic branching teeth earlier. Otherwise, if all eighteen moved at once, their trajectory would be even harder to predict, how would I be able to weaken them while in the air?"</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will felt some relief, but his hatred and anger towards Fang Yuan also intensified: "This accursed scoundrel Fang Yuan! I am actually shielding him during his immortal ascension! As long as I recover sufficiently, I will definitely... eh!"</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will stared at the eighteen spirals forming in the air in a daze.</p> 
<p>"There is actually a second wave of chaotic branching teeth?!" Seeing this, Giant Sun's will was fuming with anger.</p> 
<p>To defend against the chaotic branching teeth earlier, he had expended a sixth of his thoughts. But now there was a second wave!</p> 
<p>"Wait, this is?!"</p> 
<p>Among the eighteen spirals, another eighteen spirals started forming.</p> 
<p>Seeing this, even Giant Sun's will felt suffocated.</p> 
<p>"The third wave of chaotic branching teeth came together with the second?!" He howled at the sky, the armor-like main will shook intensely, almost breaking apart. If he could vomit blood, he would have vomited a river by now.</p> 
<p>Earlier when defending against the nine chaotic branching teeth, Giant Sun's will had already used his full strength.</p> 
<p>Right now, there were a total of thirty-six spirals, thirty-six chaotic branching teeth, this fearsome power could not be calculated by simple addition!</p> 
<p>"This scoundrel Fang Yuan! I curse you to die!!" Giant Sun's will almost wanted to discard Eighty-Eight True Yang Building at this moment, directly going to Fang Yuan and killing him without considering the consequences.</p> 
<p>But he was not an anger will, but a special will.</p> 
<p>He had to think of the big picture, he had to protect this inheritance treasure which was Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.</p> 
<p>He had to contact the other subsidiary wills and gather all his strength, in order to resist these heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities.</p> 
<p>"What? The main will wants to send me to defend against the heavenly tribulations?!" Within true inheritance secluded domain, the river-like Giant Sun's will was still waiting for reinforcement, but the reply from the main will caused his heart to turn cold, like he had fallen into an icy river.</p> 
<p>"God damn it!" Giant Sun's will which was contesting with Tai Bai Yun Sheng over the supreme true inheritance felt great regret, but he had to divert most of his strength to the main will.</p> 
<p>But to prevent Eighty-Eight True Yang Building from being taken by Tai Bai Yun Sheng, a portion of Giant Sun's will was still needed to maintain the situation inside the true inheritance light lump.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt his pressure decreasing all of a sudden, and heaved a sigh of relief.</p> 
<p>"Giant Sun's will has finally stopped expanding! Junior brother, your plan has worked perfectly. It seems that the fusion of three heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities creates terrifying might that would force even Giant Sun's will to defend against it with all his strength. Junior brother, you are worthy of being benefactor's disciple, you need to survive this. The third step of putting in Gu is the most important of all, success or failure will all depend on this!"</p> 
<p>As time continued to pass, the three colored qi lump surrounding Fang Yuan started shrinking, until it completely went into the area of Fang Yuan's broken aperture.</p> 
<p>"He actually completed the step of taking in the qi, he is at the final step!" Hei Lou Lan and the others were watching by the side, seeing Giant Sun's will retreating, they panicked.</p> 
<p>"What do we do now? Do we just watch him become a Gu Immortal?!" Ye Lui Sang screamed.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan has no more heaven and earth qi around him, we should go and kill him now." Bian Si Xuan suggested, but she made no movement.</p> 
<p>Everyone looked at each other, they were shocked, suspicious, and in a difficult spot.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan still had the Gu Immortal Tai Bai Yun Sheng supporting him.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's pressure was lifted, he held the true inheritance light lump as he faced Hei Lou Lan and the rest of the gang, showing an unyielding attitude.</p> 
<p>"Tai Bai Yun Sheng is not a problem, but once the immortal ascension succeeds, our problems would be endless. He is not a weak healing Gu Immortal like Tai Bai Yun Sheng..." Hei Lou Lan clenched his fists, a fierce light shining in his eyes.</p> 
<p>After thinking about it, he made up his mind and shouted: "Attack!"</p> 
<p>Saying so, the strength path phantom giant took huge strides forward, attacking.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was crying in his heart, he did not dare to take on Hei Lou Lan's attacks directly, he shouted: "You dare! As long as you come, I will throw this supreme true inheritance at the luck path true inheritance, let's see how you account to Giant Sun's will then!"</p> 
<p>Everyone's fighting intent evaporated after hearing Tai Bai Yun Sheng's threat, their morale sinking.</p> 
<p>Don't listen to him, we'll leave a few people to protect the luck path true inheritance, the rest will come with me!" Hei Lou Lan snorted, immediately saying.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's heart sank, it was difficult for him to handle the situation.</p> 
<p>"Hahaha..." At this moment, Fang Yuan laughed wildly from behind him.</p> 
<p>He had already opened his eyes: "Never mind! Come and chase me. Let's see how many of you are flying masters!"</p> 
<p>Eagle rise Gu had already been destroyed, but why would the vigilant him not have spares?</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan owned Hu Immortal blessed land and could connect to treasure yellow heaven, he did not lack any mortal Gu.</p> 
<p>This sentence was even more demoralising to the gang compared to Tai Bai Yun Sheng. Once they thought of Fang Yuan's flying master attainment, and the huge space that was available in true inheritance secluded domain, all of their morale almost hit rock bottom.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan's gaze shone for a bit, but he was unmoved.</p> 
<p>He was the Lord of the Imperial Court for this round, he had exemplary talent and a ruthless nature, he would not become dejected with just a few words.</p> 
<p>"We will chase him even if we cannot catch him, I want to see how he can undergo immortal ascension under such pressure!" Hei Lou Lan's words lifted the morale once again.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's expression turned grim, he did not speak anymore.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan hit the main point.</p> 
<p>During an ordinary immortal ascension, the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity would be all around him, if his enemies wanted to obstruct him, they would face the might of the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity.</p> 
<p>But now that Giant Sun's will was blocking the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities outside, it gave Hei Lou Lan and the others an opportunity to intervene.</p> 
<p>Although in this true inheritance secluded domain, there was still heaven and earth qi left that could cause backlash in mortal Gu.</p> 
<p>But Hei Lou Lan and the others were just like Fang Yuan, they were all using mortal Gu, thus they all faced the same backlash.</p> 
<p>At once, the situation changed again.</p> 
<p>Although Giant Sun's will left to resist the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities wholeheartedly, Fang Yuan's predicament did not become any easier.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan was indeed a formidable character, he was an outstanding person and knew the perfect timing to strike.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's immortal ascension was stuck between the second and third step, the situation had turned dangerous yet again.</p>
    </body>
</html>
