<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 587: The vast difference between immortal and mortal</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 587: The vast difference between immortal and mortal</h1>
        
        <p>Time passed by rapidly and a month had passed.</p> 
<p>Northern plains.</p> 
<p>The wind raged and snow fluttered around.</p> 
<p>The world was a scene of white as the white snow covered the large grassland. Bone chilling wind blew everywhere; occasionally, it would form into a tornado and occasionally, it would lift the deep snow on the ground.</p> 
<p>Every ten years, the blizzard disaster devastated the whole of northern plains. Living beings lamented and all things turned destitute. At a few limited places, the surviving humans and animals were struggling for their lives.</p> 
<p>They not only had to overcome the frigid climate, but also needed to engage in fierce combat against snow monsters and other battles.</p> 
<p>However, in such a cruel environment, snowmen were like fish in water, moving very frequently and becoming extremely lively.</p> 
<p>The ice cold blizzard was merely a warm spring wind to snowmen.</p> 
<p>They hunted in this blizzard, and large numbers of wild snow path, ice path and water path Gu worms started to live one after another on their body.</p> 
<p>The snowmen tribes who were hunted by the Gu Masters, beaten down and sold during normal times, were now experiencing enormous growth. Their forces expanded rapidly.</p> 
<p>In the raging blizzard, two dark figures appeared.</p> 
<p>The dark figures stood on a cliff, overflowing with immortal aura; they were Hei tribe's two Gu Immortals — Hei Bai and Hei Cheng.</p> 
<p>They looked down towards the valley under them.</p> 
<p>The blizzard was still wild, but it was not even able to sway the two's clothes. The snow fluttered madly, but was not able to obstruct the two's probing gazes.</p> 
<p>In the valley, many ice houses were built, packed together with the numbers reaching several tens of thousands.</p> 
<p>A group of heroic snowmen warriors had just returned from their hunt. They had returned with great harvests once again.</p> 
<p>Rank six wood path Gu Immortal Hei Bai frowned: "Hmph, this group of snowmen is taking advantage of this time period to grow so rapidly! In these three days, this is already the seventh tribe we have seen of such a scale."</p> 
<p>Those who are not my race have different motives, although snowmen had men in their name, they were still variant humans.</p> 
<p>When the blizzard ends, northern plains' tribes would actively start developing which was bound to result in many large battles with these snowmen.</p> 
<p>To human tribes, such a large number of snowmen meant their enemy was more in number and stronger.</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng patted Hei Bai's shoulder, smiling: "Virtuous brother should be happy. Looking at it from another angle, these snowmen are our wealth! We can take these snowmen as captives and not only exchange them for immortal essence stones with other Gu Immortals, we can also give Xue Song Zi something to cry about."</p> 
<p>The corners of Hei Bai's lips raised to an arc: "Elder brother thinks in a comprehensive way. If not for Xue Song Zi, the wooden chicken Gu would have already been in my hands. And he even meddled in the last Imperial Court contest. These days, we have been hunting snowmen everywhere and selling them in treasure yellow heaven. Hehehe, I really want to see how Xue Song Zi's expression is like now."</p> 
<p>But the moment he finished saying this, his smile disappeared and his gaze revealed a trace of anxiety: "Elder brother, Hei Lou Lan has already been in Imperial Court for so long, and according to the time, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building should have already formed over twenty floors. Why is there still no trace of wooden chicken Gu?"</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng laughed: "Do not fret, do not fret. Eighty-Eight True Yang Building has altogether eighty-eight floors, this is not much. Hei Lou Lan, this kid might have a irascible temper, but he is meticulous when it comes to the big picture. He hasn't broken off the contact with us since he entered Imperial Court, isn't that right? Moreover, he now already has one-edge owner token, as long as wooden chicken Gu is involved in the creation of a new floor, Hei Lou Lan can sense it, and we will receive the news."</p> 
<p>Hei tribe was a super force, although they did not have ability in exploiting the flaws that could match the level of Fairy Mo Yao, they had their own ways to use Gu worms to transfer messages inside and out.</p> 
<p>Hei Bai sighed: "Imperial Court blessed land and northern plains' outside world have differing time flow. A day here in the outside world is equal to over twenty days in Imperial Court blessed land. I am somewhat worried Hei Lou Lan's notice will be late, and if so, the help we can provide will be small."</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng comforted with a smile: "Virtuous brother, the more you worry, the more frantic you will get. Relax, according to Hei Lou Lan's strength, getting through three or four floors would not be a problem. Before this, we'd better take care of this group of snowmen."</p> 
<p>"Okay." Hei Bai's worry was slightly relieved, as he nodded.</p> 
<p>The two shot down like lightning, directly charging into the snowman tribe within the valley.</p> 
<p>Hei Cheng chuckled.</p> 
<p>Instantly, an unrestrained laughter shook the world, stopping even the moving clouds! The whole valley buzzed from the tremor and the majestic snowfall also slowed.</p> 
<p><em>Crash crash crash....</em></p> 
<p>The soundwave swept through the valley, crushing countless ice buildings into fine powder.</p> 
<p>The snowman tribe instantly suffered serious losses!</p> 
<p>"Enemy attack! Enemy attack!"</p> 
<p>"A strong enemy has appeared. Warriors, it is time to protect our homeland!!"</p> 
<p>"Protect our homeland. Remember, we cannot fall down, behind us are our wives, children and parents!"</p> 
<p>Snowmen were in an uproar, and after a short moment of panic, they prepared to resist.</p> 
<p>"Hmph, overestimating your strength." Hei Bai looked at the snowmen flocking together while floating in midair, his gaze apathetic like he was looking at a group of ants.</p> 
<p>He lightly waves his sleeve - buzzz buzzz buzzz.....</p> 
<p>A black mass of Gu groups flew out. First the number was in hundreds, then thousands, then it reached tens of thousands.</p> 
<p>Finally, the several hundreds of thousands of Gu hovered over the valley like dark clouds pressing down on a city.</p> 
<p>The snowmen looked at the sky, their expression filled with terror and lifelessness. The fighting spirit and heroic feelings they raised up just a moment ago, froze completely in front of a Gu Immortal's might.</p> 
<p>At this moment, they were truly able to feel the bone-piercing chill of the blizzard.</p> 
<p>Gu Immortals possessed immortal essence, a bead of immortal essence could be regarded as unlimited primeval essence. This meant every single Gu Immortal could control large numbers of mortal Gu, and would never be lacking in primeval essence.</p> 
<p>The snowman tribes might be flourishing, but in front of a Gu Immortal's battle strength, they were like lambs waiting for slaughter and could only let themselves be trampled upon.</p> 
<p>Next moment, Hei Bai lightly pointed and the Gu groups pounced down loudly.</p> 
<p>Mournful sounds started resounding and echoing endlessly in the valley.</p> 
<p>A dozen or so days later...</p> 
<p>Imperial Court blessed land.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan slowly put down the letter Gu in his hand, sneering.</p> 
<p>The letter Gu came from Hei tribe' Gu Immortal, its content was the same as before, still urging Hei Lou Lan to speed up the search for wooden chicken Gu.</p> 
<p>There was originally no way to send messages from or to Imperial Court blessed land, but after so many years had gone by, even if it was an arrangement by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, it could not stand the erosion of the river of time, and a few flaws appeared.</p> 
<p>Although they did not have capability in exploiting this on Fairy Mo Yao's level, the super forces like Hei tribe and Liu tribe had polished the methods to send the message.</p> 
<p>"Once a Gu Master advances to an immortal, their physique would thoroughly raise to a higher level and would possess immortal essence. Mortals simply cannot be an immortal's opponent, to deal with Gu Immortal requires a Gu Immortal!"</p> 
<p>"Strength path Immortal Gu..."</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan softly muttered then slowly stood up from his seat and walked towards the window.</p> 
<p>He looked up at the gorgeous aurora moving at the summit of the sacred palace. Eighty-Eight True Yang Building's newest floor had condensed at this moment.</p> 
<p>"Thirty-eighth floor." Hei Lou Lan sighed. Having seen this scene so many times, he no longer had the excitement like before when he saw it for the first time. But his esteem towards Old Ancestor Giant Sun, had now reached the level of prostrating himself in admiration before the old ancestor's heavenly methods every time he saw the scene of True Yang Building condensing a floor.</p> 
<p>"Only with Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and Old Ancestor Giant Sun's power, I can take my revenge!" Hei Lou Lan took out his owner token.</p> 
<p>So much time had passed by but his owner token was still one-edge owner token.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan knew of history and also knew his own strength.</p> 
<p>The current forces, compared to the past winners of the Imperial Court contest, were not bad but also could not be considered too good. Taking everything into account, it was only enough to cross three-four floors.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan wanted to acquire his strength path Immortal Gu, but also had the tribe responsibility of getting wooden chicken Immortal Gu. This meant the quota for two clearances was already filled.</p> 
<p>Hence, these days, he restrained himself from taking action, making recuperation his priority, and at the same time, he still opened up Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, letting Gu Masters increase their strength as much as possible.</p> 
<p>Naturally, he did this to make the Gu Masters, outside of Hei tribe, thankful and admire him. And naturally, many among Hei tribe were dissatisfied and puzzled by it, but mindful of Black Tyrant's fierce reputation, none dared to speak up.</p> 
<p>"Messenger." Hei Lou Lan softly called.</p> 
<p>His trusted aide Hei Shu immediately appeared before him and quietly kneeled down, speaking with a lowered head: "Lord tribe leader, please instruct."</p> 
<p>"How is the recent situation?" Hei Lou Lan rubbed the owner token, his gaze still at Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.</p> 
<p>"The situation looks to be steady recently, but undercurrents are starting to surge. Chang tribe's Gu Masters have repeatedly been killed, many Gu Masters have mysteriously disappeared when going out. Chang tribe leader Chang Ji You has personally moved out, searching everywhere to capture the killers, but no gains have been made. Instead, the attacks on Chang tribe's Gu Masters have become even more serious." Hei Shu reported.</p> 
<p>"Eh, who has such guts?"</p> 
<p>Hei Shu revealed an ashamed expression: "Subordinate is still investigating."</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan slightly nodded, his tone revealing some slight joy in another's calamity: "No need to hurry, hehe, we shouldn't hurry in this matter. Chang Shan Yin's actions are too sinister and cruel, losing favour with people, and now he is tasting the bitter consequences. A few months ago, he wiped out the earth chief beast group and assigned Chang tribe's Gu Masters to capture many Gu Masters, and he actually killed all of them! Hmph, this had already aroused public anger, but fearing Wolf King's reputation, no one dared to take actions though they had the heart for revenge."</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan remembered this clearly.</p> 
<p>Because, among these unlucky Gu Masters Fang Yuan captured to do experiments on, were some people who had some relations to Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>Wolf King actually did not give him face and killed these people; Hei Lou Lan had secretly been bearing this grudge all this time.</p> 
<p>"Tribe leader is wise, subordinate and others also think this is the case." Hei Shu flattered and said in agreement, "Chang tribe leader might be Chang Ji You, but he is Wolf King's son and was appointed as the tribe leader with one sentence from Wolf King. He is too young and cannot appease the tribesmen. The whole of Chang tribe's affairs actually lie with Chang Ji You's godfather Chang Biao."</p> 
<p>"But not long ago, the death of the two lords Chang Biao and Pan Ping while roaming seventh floor's ninetieth round, had spread. There was an indistinct commotion within Chang tribe and Chang Ji You has been finding it hard to maintain Chang tribe's situation. The avenger saw this great opportunity, and maybe because they had received a great increase in strength from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building's rewards, they have been killing Chang tribe's Gu Masters everywhere."</p> 
<p>"Hmm." Hei Lou Lan nodded, Hei Shu's analysis was similar to his own thoughts.</p> 
<p>　　</p> 
<p>"Quickly investigate this person. Taking revenge wholeheartedly in spite of Wolf King's fierceness, this is bravery. Killing Chang tribe's Gu Masters and not being found even after so many days, this is scheming. This person is brave and can scheme, they should be taken into my Hei tribe. And also, only my Hei tribe can protect their life." Hei Lou Lan instructed.</p> 
<p>"Yes, lord."</p> 
<p>"Are there any movements from Chang Shan Yin?"</p> 
<p>"Ever since Chang Biao's corpse was found and delivered to Chang tribe, maybe Wolf King found some clues from the corpse, he entered Eighty-Eight True Yang Building that very day and has yet to come out now. Subordinate had sent people to inquire, Wolf King should have gone to seventh floor's ninetieth maze round. Ever since he entered, people have often reported hearing the howls of wolf groups." Hei Shu reported.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan frowned.</p> 
<p>Chang Biao, Pan Ping and Water Demon Hao Ji Liu's deaths were something he had not wanted to see.</p> 
<p>But since they were already dead, Hei Lou Lan could only accept this fact.</p> 
<p>He could complete forecast once Wolf King exited the tower and knew of Chang tribe's misfortunes, he would fly up in rage, searching for the killer. At that time, the whole sacred palace might be turned upside down.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan was looking forward to Wolf King attracting every more public anger, but he worried Wolf King would even implicate the innocents and start massacring everywhere which would greatly weaken the forces to mobilize in passing the rounds.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan must prevent this from happening. But how to prevent it?</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan fell into silence as he started thinking.</p> 
<p>Hei Shu was calmly kneeling down, patiently waiting for Hei Lou Lan's next command.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan did not think for long before an amazed expression appeared on his face.</p> 
<p>His gaze instantly turned sharp as he once again looked at Eighty-Eight True Yang Building on the summit of the sacred palace.</p> 
<p>There, the thirty-ninth floor was slowly condensing into shape.</p> 
<p>Although it had yet to form, Hei Lou Lan was able to know the Gu worms in this floor through his one-edge owner token.</p> 
<p>'Wooden chicken Gu! Wooden chicken Gu has finally appeared!'</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan's mind was shaken, but soon he calmed down and his gaze quickly moved towards Hei Shu.</p> 
<p>"Go, summon Ma Ying Jie to see me. Immediately!"</p>
    </body>
</html>
