<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 612: Hoodwinking the Land Spirit</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 612: Hoodwinking the Land Spirit</h1>
        
        <p>The sky in the immortal aperture started to peel off layer by layer, the dense tribulation clouds thinned out along with it. The devastating silver horn green scale python's body decreased to one-tenth of its original size, its might extremely weakened.</p> 
<p>The situation was taking a turn for the better for Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>"Success is at hand." Tai Bai Yun Sheng's eyes were filled with tears when he opened them. The situation in the immortal aperture was already stabilizing, and he had the room to pay some attention to the external crisis.</p> 
<p>The light of Divert Disaster was covering him, preventing the calamity and tribulation from touching him; Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt gratitude from the depths of his heart: "This is all thanks to Eighty-Eight True Yang Building helping me, otherwise I would find it difficult to even have a hope of succeeding... Eh!"</p> 
<p>The light of divert disaster suddenly dissipated!</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was caught off-guard and was bombarded by the chaotic lightning balls, his mind immediately turning chaotic. He flew around in disorder, knocking into large numbers of chaotic lightning balls as he was unable to act for himself with not even a trace of reason left.</p> 
<p>Everyone was shocked but before they could express it, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building burst out with an absolutely powerful absorption force again, directly capturing the hysterical Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will could not sacrifice divert disaster Gu and also could not let Tai Bai Yun Sheng die.</p> 
<p>The best method was, of course, to throw Tai Bai Yun Sheng out of the blessed land. Unfortunately, only Frost Jade Peacock could do that in this situation.</p> 
<p>Helplessly, Giant Sun's will could only use this inferior method.</p> 
<p>This was indeed an inferior solution.</p> 
<p>Under everyone's shocked gazes, the tribulation clouds and calamity dust surged explosively, shrouding Eighty-Eight True Yang Building! Countless chaotic lightning balls crashed down like a violent storm; while restraining smoke coiled around the tower like an immemorial giant python, continually seeping inside.</p> 
<p>Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had brought in Tai Bai Yun Sheng, thus becoming the target for the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity.</p> 
<p>To protect Tai Bai Yun Sheng's life, Giant Sun's will chose to forcefully resist the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity!</p> 
<p>"How could this happen!"</p> 
<p>"Lord Tai Bai Yun Sheng was brought into Eighty-Eight True Yang Building!!"</p> 
<p>"How on earth does he deserve such assistance from old ancestor? This is a heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity we are talking about, they are extremely dangerous to True Yang Building!"</p> 
<p>Everyone looked on with stupefied and shocked gazes.</p> 
<p>Under the presence of the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, using Gu worms was asking to suffer backlash.</p> 
<p>Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was a rank eight Immortal Gu house; in its essence, it was an integrated body of many Immortal Gu and countless mortal Gu. And now, it was forcefully resisting the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, the pressure on it was already enormous. And because of the force of the backlash, the coordination between the Gu worms had been affected!</p> 
<p>It was clear, this was by no means a wise course of action.</p> 
<p>However, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had become a crucial key in the fight between Giant Sun's will and Frost Jade Peacock; Giant Sun's will, forced by the situation, could only settle for such a method.</p> 
<p>Inside Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Frost Jade Peacock rapidly moved its wings, continuously dodging in between the gigantic trees.</p> 
<p>Five Immortal Gu, with all kinds of flaming tails trailing after them, were pursuing and obstructing it.</p> 
<p>Frost Jade Peacock was not willing to be sealed again and used all its strength to run away, gradually it lost its head and was unable to take the exact path, crashing into countless giant trees on the way.</p> 
<p>Under Giant Sun's will's control, True Yang Building was a natural cage that could utilize the strength of any round, while Frost Jade Peacock was the bird in the cage. The giant trees turned into treemen, opening their arms to block it.</p> 
<p>Caaaw—!</p> 
<p>Frost Jade Peacock screamed shrilly as it suffered damage.</p> 
<p>It tore apart the defense line of three old treemen, but its speed lowered greatly by this, and was caught up by a metal path Immortal Gu from behind.</p> 
<p>A golden stream of light rapidly flowed on its body. The golden light condensed into a thick golden shell wherever it touched, firmly covering Frost Jade Peacock.</p> 
<p>Frost Jade Peacock sensed it could not budge in any areas covered by the golden light; it was instantly startled and furious.</p> 
<p>It hurriedly flapped its wings to increase its speed again. But the next moment, it was attacked by the second Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>An intense sleepiness invaded its mind, causing its eyes to turn hazy as it felt an intense urge to sleep.</p> 
<p>Boom.</p> 
<p>It crashed down head-first onto the ground, unable to fly any longer.</p> 
<p>It had a premonition that its fate was to be sealed again; two rows of tears filled with grief and indignance involuntarily fell down from its eyes.</p> 
<p>"Don't... even... think..." Frost Jade Peacock mumbled to itself, trying to use all its remaining strength to resist.</p> 
<p>Although there was still the remaining power of Immortal Gu Gruel Mud on its body, the two Immortal Gu sealing it again were not restrained by Gruel Mud.</p> 
<p>"Even if I die, I won't let you prevail!" Frost Jade Peacock gave off an intense suicidal will, and disregarding everything, it drew out the foundation of Imperial Court blessed land — heaven and earth qi, to intensify the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity.</p> 
<p>And it was rapidly weakening.</p> 
<p>Imperial Court blessed land was born from a space path Gu Immortal, thus the blessed land's territory was vast, far surpassing any at an equivalent level.</p> 
<p>Later, it was developed by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, becoming a top-notch blessed land and also obtaining the ability to transit between day and night; it could be said to be at the doorstep of transforming into a grotto-heaven.</p> 
<p>If it could swallow the time path Gu Immortal Tai Bai Yun Sheng's immortal aperture, space and time could converge which was the greatest supplement to Imperial Court blessed land. It was extremely likely for there to be a qualitative change which could allow Imperial Court blessed land to advance to a grotto-heaven!</p> 
<p>If that happened, Frost Jade Peacock could break apart most of the arrangements of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. Although it could not suppress Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, it would have the power to expel it out of the blessed land.</p> 
<p>However, Giant Sun's will was truly too resolute and would rather suffer the damage from the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity to protect Tai Bai Yun Sheng's life.</p> 
<p>Frost Jade Peacock was only an obsession left behind after a Gu Immortal's death, how could it scheme against Giant Sun's will?</p> 
<p>But it was also because of its obsession, it was brave and unyielding!</p> 
<p>On the verge of being sealed again, it would rather be exterminated, and disregarding the consequences, it drew out large amounts of heaven and earth qi from Imperial Court blessed land.</p> 
<p>These heaven and earth qi were like adding fuel to the fire; as they assimilated into the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, the sky rumbled with lightning, the chaotic lightning balls immediately expanded tenfold in quantity, and the restraining smoke had even more changes, its body inflated and its dark color turned even deeper.</p> 
<p>Crack crack crack!</p> 
<p>Lightning balls rained down like a storm, fiercely striking Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.</p> 
<p>Bursts of explosions sounded out; Eighty-Eight True Yang Building became filled with scars, the eaves of the tower collapsed piece by piece, and a crack even appeared on the outer wall.</p> 
<p>Restraining smoke turned into an even bigger problem, becoming a deadly smoke calamity; it was much more powerful and seeped everywhere on Eighty-Eight True Yang Building's surface, gradually dying it black.</p> 
<p>The pitch-black walls of the building seemed to have eroded for a thousand years, as they started to peel off.</p> 
<p>"The heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity have become stronger!"</p> 
<p>"This is too terrifying, retreat, retreat!"</p> 
<p>"What is happening? Even the wind and snow from the outside world are pouring in!!"</p> 
<p>Everyone started shouting in shock.</p> 
<p>Frost Jade Peacock extracted large amounts of heaven and earth qi, injuring Imperial Court blessed land's foundation. If Imperial Court blessed land was originally a strong house, now the tiles and bricks were taken out, only leaving behind the framework of the house.</p> 
<p>This caused countless holes to appear in it, connecting to the outside world.</p> 
<p>And the outside world of northern plains was currently experiencing the blizzard of every ten years.</p> 
<p>Divert disaster Gu was dormant, causing Imperial Court blessed land to suffer the invasion of the blizzard calamity as well.</p> 
<p>Imperial Court blessed land was no longer a refuge; large amounts of wind and snow poured in, the temperature quickly dropped as the heavy snowfall flew inside. Although it had not reached the level of forming snow monsters, it was not too far away.</p> 
<p>"Little sparrow, look at what a big mess you have caused." Giant Sun's will shouted in annoyance.</p> 
<p>Blessed lands and grotto-heavens would attract all sizes of calamities and tribulations in every set interval of time. The larger their fortune, the stronger the calamities and tribulations.</p> 
<p>The great snow disaster that wreaked havoc over the whole of northern plains every ten years was actually the calamity and tribulation of Imperial Court blessed land.</p> 
<p>Imperial Court blessed land had Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and was also a peak level blessed land with territory that was at the size of a small world; the fortune it contained was gigantic, thus the calamities and tribulations it attracted were extremely terrifying.</p> 
<p>Right now, divert disaster Gu was hibernating, while Imperial Court blessed land had connected outside to northern plains, causing the once in ten years blizzard to return into it.</p> 
<p>Eighty-Eight True Yang Building could forcibly resist the frenzied attacks of lightning balls, the invasion of the black smoke, but it was unable to contend against the blizzard that could wreak havoc over the whole of northern plains.</p> 
<p>If this situation continued, Imperial Court blessed land would erode and crumble apart due to the snow disaster.</p> 
<p>Frost Jade Peacock did not need Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, but Eighty-Eight True Yang Building needed Imperial Court blessed land.</p> 
<p>There was one way to salvage this situation.</p> 
<p>That was to use divert disaster Gu to eliminate heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities and turn them into heaven qi and earth qi. Making Imperial Court blessed land take in these heaven and earth qi to stabilize its foundation, and close the connection with the outside world of northern plains.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will could take the risk in forcibly activating divert disaster Gu. But to make Imperial Court blessed land take in heaven and earth qi required Frost Jade Peacock's cooperation.</p> 
<p>"Asking this little sparrow to cooperate is simply an impossible dream!" Even if it was Giant Sun's will, this was a difficult problem.</p> 
<p>He helplessly thought of the only way —"Unless Frost Jade Peacock acknowledges a pair of new owners..."</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will did not know that Tai Bai Yun Sheng's immortal aperture contained landscape as before Immortal Gu which could conveniently deal with this trouble.</p> 
<p>He thought of another Immortal Gu he had — false emotion fake will Gu!</p> 
<p>The condition for Frost Jade Peacock to acknowledge its owner was a couple who had true love for each other.</p> 
<p>However, nothing was absolute, even the land spirit could be hoodwinked.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will knew as long as he found two candidates to use false emotion fake will Gu on, he could hoodwink the land spirit and make Frost Jade Peacock recognize new owners.</p> 
<p>Once Frost Jade Peacock was controlled, each problem could be easily resolved.</p> 
<p>Moreover, this method was very favorable to Giant Sun's will.</p> 
<p>If a couple who had true love for each other became the owners of Imperial Court blessed land, what would Giant Sun's will do if this couple did not obey his commands?</p> 
<p>Instead of that, he would hold onto the initiative if he found two unconnected people to use false emotion fake will Gu on and satisfy the requirement to become the owners.</p> 
<p>Because false emotion fake will Gu contained Giant Sun's will!</p> 
<p>False emotion fake will Gu was subjected to Giant Sun's will's control. Even if the two unconnected people were disloyal in the future, as long as Giant Sun's will still held false emotion fake will Gu, at worst, he could once again select two new candidates.</p> 
<p>'Little sparrow, you are a long way from being able to fight with me.' Giant Sun's will was shrewd and wise, inheriting some of the main body's intelligence; the seemingly desperate situation could not hold him back. With just some thinking, he thought of a way to resolve it.</p> 
<p>He immediately mobilized Eighty-Eight True Yang Building's strength to inspect the candidates.</p> 
<p>Right now in Imperial Court blessed land, everyone was running away from danger here and there, with many casualties appearing.</p> 
<p>The situation was quickly worsening, it was so cold that one's spit could instantly freeze into a piece of ice. The majestic blizzard was pouring in without any pause, tall and formidable snow monsters started standing up from the depths of the snow, selecting targets to devour.</p> 
<p>But this did not pose any difficulty for Giant Sun's will.</p> 
<p>Eighty-Eight True Yang Building could plunder resources from the whole of northern plains, let alone two people that were right in front of it.</p> 
<p>These two people would naturally be those with Giant Sun's bloodline, Giant Sun's will soon selected two candidates who satisfied it.</p> 
<p>"Eh?" Hei Lou Lan's vision rapidly changed, he was at rank five peak stage, but he did not even have the strength to resist as he was absorbed into True Yang Building.</p> 
<p>"Ahhhhh, save me!" Not far away, Ma Hong Yun was still running frantically and did not realize the changes in his surroundings.</p> 
<p>Thud.</p> 
<p>He bumped head first into a giant tree in front.</p> 
<p>"Don't tell me this kid was running with his eyes closed..." Hei Lou Lan was speechless.</p>
    </body>
</html>
