<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 499: Turtle Jade Wolf Skin Gu</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 499: Turtle Jade Wolf Skin Gu</h1>
        
        <p>"What happened?"</p> 
<p>"Is there a wolf tide coming?!"</p> 
<p>"So many wolves! There are night wolves, wind wolves, turtleback wolves, wait! There are water wolves and vermillion flame wolves!"</p> 
<p>The shocked voices called out as the people stopped fighting, turning around and focusing their attention on the wolves.</p> 
<p>But what they saw was a grand wolf army approaching from all directions. All sorts of northern plains wolves gathered together, and charged over collectively.</p> 
<p>The black and nimble night wolves, the elegant wind wolves, the defensive turtleback wolves, the pure as snow water wolves, and the ones coated in blazing flames, vermillion flame wolves...</p> 
<p>These wolf groups came together, each had at least several tens of thousands in number. At once, the grand wolf army filled everyone's field of vision, causing people to feel suffocated as a chill grew in their hearts.</p> 
<p>A group of people moved slowly under the protection of the wolf groups. Large numbers of farm slug Gu, black skin fat armor beetles carried huge amounts of resources, while lizard house Gu moved their four limbs forward. There was a grand tribe flag carried by one of them, symbolizing the main tent's location. On the blue flag, there was a huge word written as 'Ge'.</p> 
<p>"It's Ge tribe..."</p> 
<p>"That means, this is Chang Shan Yin's wolf army?"</p> 
<p>"Didn't Chang Shan Yin battle three tribes consecutively, how did his wolf groups expand by so much?"</p> 
<p>Suspicion and questions filled everyone's hearts.</p> 
<p>"According to our intel, the Wolf King has night wolves, wind wolves, and turtleback wolves. But where did he get all these water wolves and vermillion flame wolves?" Liu Wen Wu's face was grim.</p> 
<p>"Big brother." Mo Shi Kuang returned to Liu Wen Wu's side, the huge wolf groups caused his heart to jump secretly.</p> 
<p>"The water wolves can be explained, after all Ge tribe stayed in crescent lake for such a long time, and water wolves are most common there. But can anyone tell me where these eighty thousand vermillion flame wolves came from?"</p> 
<p>"Vermillion flame wolves are much rarer than wind wolves, water wolves, and night wolves, they have the strongest attack power among wild wolves. We have to check clearly, where did Chang Shan Yin get such a powerful force suddenly? Can anyone tell me?!"</p> 
<p>At once, countless tribe leaders and elders cursed the intel gathering Gu Masters in their tribes.</p> 
<p>"Forget the vermillion flame wolves, look at that largest night wolf, is it a wolf emperor?!" Zhong Fei You pointed as he shouted.</p> 
<p>The truth is, once the night wolf emperor appeared, numerous gazes were already assessing it.</p> 
<p>"It truly is... a night wolf emperor." The authority of a wolf emperor was absolute, after Bei Cao Chuan clarified it, he said dryly.</p> 
<p>Everyone gasped.</p> 
<p>Wolf emperor!</p> 
<p>This was equivalent to the strength of a rank five Gu Master!!</p> 
<p>Chang Shan Yin was only a rank four Gu Master, he actually had control of a wolf emperor?</p> 
<p>As expected of an established character, the hero of northern plains, the one who had once single handedly taken down Ha Tu Gu and his band of bandits, this legend!</p> 
<p>"Damn it! How did his strength rise so much? With the wolf emperor, he is already on par with Ma Zun, Jiang Bao Ya, and Yang Po Tian!" Pei Yan Fei who wanted to take revenge clenched his fists, the grand wolf army made him feel a strong sense of helplessness and defeat.</p> 
<p>Seeing the wolf army approaching them, everyone showed a grim and fearful expression.</p> 
<p>The chaotic battle had stopped, everyone was gathering around Liu Wen Wu and Hei Lou Lan's side, getting into their formations.</p> 
<p>Soon after, under everyone's gaze, Fang Yuan rode the white-eyes wolf as he followed Ge Guang and the rest and came to Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>"Wolf King Chang Shan Yin, I've long heard of your name!" Hei Lou Lan first greeted him.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan's body was bulky like an angry bear, his uneven shiny white teeth were like daggers giving people a ruthless feeling. His triangular eyes shone with threatening brilliance.</p> 
<p>This person was extremely lecherous, it was a well known fact in northern plains.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed lightly as he turned to look at Liu Wen Wu.</p> 
<p>Liu Wen Wu wore white clothes, having a scholarly aura, looking like a perfect young master. His eyes were mild and his face was like jade. Beside him, there was a nine feet tall ink man, his body was black and he had white hair, standing like a guardian, he was the number one fierce general in this Imperial Court competition — Mo Shi Kuang.</p> 
<p>Liu Wen Wu's heart jumped, Fang Yuan's deep gaze made him feel amiss.</p> 
<p>Chang Shan Yin and Chang tribe's enmity had already been spread to the world by Ge tribe during the battle in crescent lake.</p> 
<p>Right now, Chang tribe had already submitted to Liu Wen Wu, if Chang Shan Yin wants revenge on Chang tribe, he would first have to deal with Liu Wen Wu.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan retracted his gaze, looking at Hei Lou Lan, he said with a plain tone but his voice resounded in everyone's ears: "The reason why I have returned is to exact revenge. Coincidentally, the competition for the Imperial Court was undergoing, this will also allow me to meet all the grand heroes in northern plains. Brother Lou Lan, why don't we team up?"</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan's pupils shrunk, as he happily stood up, walking towards Fang Yuan, grabbing his shoulders as he laughed: "Gaining Wolf King's help, it would be my greatest honor!"</p> 
<p>At Hei tribe, the people suddenly exploded as their cheered loudly.</p> 
<p>"Your defeated opponent, Hao Ji Liu, pays respect to Lord Wolf King." Water Demon paid respects to Fang Yuan with trepidation.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan frowned, immediately turning around, although Hao Ji Liu had gained some merits, if he offended Chang Shan Yin, Hei Lou Lan would have to kill him to express goodwill towards Chang Shan Yin.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan nodded at Hao Ji Liu: "No matter, just do your best from now on."</p> 
<p>Hao Ji Liu breathed a huge sigh of relief.</p> 
<p>"Hahaha, the Wolf King truly has a big heart, such magnanimity, I am in awe!" Hei Lou Lan's laughter became louder, Hao Ji Liu was a rank four upper stage Gu aster, an absolute expert. Now that he got the best of both worlds, he was overjoyed.</p> 
<p>While Hei tribe rejoiced, Liu tribe sank into solemness.</p> 
<p>Although Liu Wen Wu had predicted this, his mood still turned terrible.</p> 
<p>"If I had known this, I would not have agreed to Chang tribe's request. How can a Chang tribe compare to Chang Shan Yin? Sigh, but now that the deed has been done, I cannot salvage it further."</p> 
<p>He sighed in his heart.</p> 
<p>Yan Cui Er was his wife-to-be, but he could discard her. Not just because of the patriarchal traditions, but also because Yan tribe had been exterminated.</p> 
<p>But Chang tribe's strength was still intact.</p> 
<p>If he really gave up on Chang tribe, it would make all the tribes that subdued to him feel disheartened and fearful, he, Liu Wen Wu, could not do such a thing.</p> 
<p>"Hei tribe leader, my Wang tribe would like to join you, what do you think?"</p> 
<p>"Hei Lou Lan, my Fang tribe will be betting on you this time."</p> 
<p>"Ye tribe is willing to submit to Hei tribe."</p> 
<p>At once, several of the undecided large tribes immediately chose to side with Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>Although Liu Wen Wu had fierce generals like Mo Shi Kuang, Wolf King Chang Shan Yin had allied with Hei Lou Lan.</p> 
<p>With such a huge wolf group as the vanguard, who knows how many people's lives would be saved in the future.</p> 
<p>This way, all of the tribes at Yu Tian heroes assembly made their choices. A large portion joined Hei Lou Lan, while the rest went to Liu Wen Wu.</p> 
<p>"Hahaha, Liu tribe's lad, we will meet on the battlefield next time!"</p> 
<p>"Brother Lou Lan, till we meet again."</p> 
<p>Now was not the time to fight, there were still several powerful forces outside of Yu Tian. The two groups were vigilant as they moved away from each other, towards their main camp.</p> 
<p>On the way back, Liu Wen Wu called the intel tribe elder and chided him in public: "Where did Chang Shan Yin's wolves come from? Investigate, investigate it clearly!"</p> 
<p>"Yes young master! I will definitely make up for my mistake..." The tribe elder left with a forehead full of sweat.</p> 
<p>"Brother, don't worry. Regardless of how many wolves he has, I can directly attack and kill that Chang Shan Yin." Mo Shi Kuang consoled him with a fearless tone.</p> 
<p>But Liu Wen Wu was deep in thoughts.</p> 
<p>Against an enslavement path master, one would definitely choose the beheading leader tactic. But now that Chang Shan Yin has gone to Hei Lou Lan, when they meet in battle again, Hei tribe would definitely keep him protected.</p> 
<p>By then, it would be extremely difficult to kill him!</p> 
<p>But, he could not ignore the concern of his sworn brother.</p> 
<p>Liu Wen Wu smiled lightly, patting Mo Shi Kuang's shoulder: "Hehehe, third brother, you are an unparalleled warrior that can easily take the enemy's head, of course I trust you."</p> 
<p>"Big brother, you forgot about second brother. As long as he comes out of his closed cultivation, us three brothers would be able to work together, what's there to fear in the entire northern plains?" Mo Shi Kuang laughed.</p> 
<p>"Second brother?" Liu Wen Wu's eyes shone, the pressure lifting in his heart: "That's right, when second brother comes out, Chang Shan Yin is not our match when we work together. but now, we should not bother with Hei tribe, this is a troublesome tribe. We should take down the west area and gather our strength, and strengthen ourselves."</p> 
<p>"Just do what you want brother, I will follow behind you."</p> 
<p>At the same time, at another group, Hei Lou Lan laughed loudly: "Hahaha, after today, Yu Tian heroes assembly's news will spread, all the forces around here will feel a great headache. Brother Shan Yin, your wolf army will definitely make them suspicious and scared."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan had great strength, Hei Lou Lan had paid attention to him long ago. Now that he joined him willingly, this Hei tribe leader definitely had to build a relationship with him.</p> 
<p>Not only did he treat Chang Shan Yin as an equal, when they talked, he even started calling him brother.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan heard Hei Lou Lan's words and knew this was a secretive inquisition, thus he laughed plainly: "To speak the truth, I did not expect such gains. Back then at onion valley, I left some wolves behind. To think that after these years, they would expand to this extent."</p> 
<p>Ge Guang beside him also said: "That's right, when Lord Supreme Elder came out of onion valley, the endless number of wolves stunned us all."</p> 
<p>The truth was, after Fang Yuan went into onion valley alone, he opened the stargate and connected it to Hu Immortal blessed land, bringing out most of the wolves inside.</p> 
<p>When he led the wolf group back to Ge tribe, almost everyone was speechless. This way, the entire Ge tribe was his witness.</p> 
<p>At the same time, he covered up his tracks on onion valley.</p> 
<p>Right now, the evidences were solid as a mountain.</p> 
<p>"Hahaha, brother Shan Yin's luck is truly admirable. Letting the wolf groups develop on their own is a helpless measure, one rarely gained anything. Brother managed to get some gains, you truly are a fated individual, even heaven wants you to come out of seclusion once more. To speak the truth, after you disappeared, the entire northern plain went silent. Heaven did not want to see this, it did not want a grand character like brother to end up being secluded in the mountains."</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan's words were all flattery, it sounded like the entire northern plains only had Chang Shan Yin.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan gave a mild smile purposely, laughing arrogantly: "This time, I want to exact revenge, but I also want to spar with Ma Zun, Yang Po Ying, and Jiang Bao Ya. Finally, I want to make use of Imperial Court blessed land and improve my cultivation further."</p> 
<p>Saying so, he acted as if the entire Imperial Court was his own.</p> 
<p>Hearing such arrogant words, even Water Demon Hao Ji Liu bit his tongue.</p> 
<p>"Good, this is the aspiration of a true northern plains man!" Hei Lou Lan praised, giving a thumbs up to Fang Yuan, taking out a Gu worm as he handed it to him: "Good Gu belongs to heroes, since brother Shan Yin came to me, that is my honor. This rank five Gu is our meeting gift, please accept it."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan took a look, this was a turtle jade wolf skin Gu, it had great defense. Fang Yuan had heard of this Gu's recipe back in his previous life, the rank five turtle jade wolf skin Gu was made using a living turtleback wolf emperor.</p> 
<p>If there really was a turtleback wolf emperor, Fang Yuan would rather it be part of his force, than sacrifice it and turn it into a Gu.</p> 
<p>Although Fang Yuan could use treasure yellow heaven to get rank five Gu as well, this turtle jade wolf skin Gu suited his enslavement path. It would take him a lot of time, effort, and most importantly, immortal essence stones, to get such a Gu.</p> 
<p>After all, Fang Yuan only had two immortal essence stones left.</p> 
<p>Now that this Gu was given to him for free, that would be the best.</p> 
<p>"Alright then, I will happily receive it." Fang Yuan said, as he really grabbed this Gu without hesitation.</p>
    </body>
</html>
