<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 625: Remaining trump card</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 625: Remaining trump card</h1>
        
        <p>The flying bear phantom's battle strength, although not at the level of the desolate beast flying bear, it had at least half immortal battle strength. Most importantly, it might look bulky and slow, but it was very agile.</p> 
<p>The river of Giant Sun's will swirled to its left and right, attempting to get past the flying bear phantom, to directly attack Fang Yuan and the others, obtaining victory.</p> 
<p>But he was still obstructed by the flying bear phantom.</p> 
<p>The flying bear phantom, even without Fang Yuan's manipulation, had some intelligence and was quite crafty, it could battle entirely alone.</p> 
<p>Swoosh.</p> 
<p>The fat and large bear paw slammed down, carrying the sound of the wind with it.</p> 
<p>Bam!</p> 
<p>The golden sand-like Giant Sun's will was smashed into bits by the bear paw, turning into golden dust as it dissolved in the air.</p> 
<p>But this was just a portion.</p> 
<p>The golden river that was Giant Sun's will was like a huge python coiling around the flying bear phantom tightly.</p> 
<p>At the same time, countless streams of will were formed, attacking many areas of the flying bear phantom.</p> 
<p>The two were fighting closely, at a stalemate, neither could do anything to the other party.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will could fuse and split freely, it had the freedom to change forms, flying bear phantom could not take it down. But Giant Sun's will was entangled by the flying bear phantom and could not deal with the most crucial person — Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will had inherited a portion of the Immortal Venerable's wisdom, he knew from the situation after some thinking: To kill Fang Yuan, he needed to use at least half of the river's will.</p> 
<p>But the remaining half was not the flying bear phantom's match.</p> 
<p>If he attacked forcefully, it was like he was handing the initiative over.</p> 
<p>If Fang Yuan retreated with the true inheritance light lump and stalled for time, after the flying bear phantom destroys the portion of Giant Sun's will that was left fighting it, the situation would become dangerous.</p> 
<p>He had already suffered a loss from splitting up earlier when he drew his will out of the true inheritance secluded domain.</p> 
<p>At that time, Fang Yuan had used the glass owner token to challenge a small portion of Giant Sun's will resolutely. The result was that both suffered injuries and in the end led to Giant Sun's will taking a huge risk and paying a huge price, but only managing to regain control of the treeman round.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's expression was grim.</p> 
<p>He sustained the true inheritance light lump, slowing the progress of Giant Sun's will's expansion while observing the situation and current battle state.</p> 
<p>"If Giant Sun's will would split up again, that would be great. Unfortunately, it will not make the same mistake twice." Fang Yuan observed for a while, seeing Giant Sun's will fighting the flying bear phantom so intensely, but yet showing no signs of splitting up, Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.</p> 
<p>The opponent was not making a mistake, thus Fang Yuan's predicament was getting more dangerous.</p> 
<p>Right now, most of Giant Sun's will was outside the building enduring the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities to protect Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, only two other portions were left behind.</p> 
<p>A portion was fighting with the flying bear phantom. The other was competing with Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, trying to refine Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.</p> 
<p>The supreme true inheritance that represented Eighty-Eight True Yang Building's ownership only had a trace of golden color originally, but now this trace had grown to size of a palm.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng had already squeezed out their full potential, they were shivering and their expressions were pale, they were sweating profusely but could not resist the expansion of Giant Sun's will's refinement.</p> 
<p>Giant Sun's will was simply too great.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt like he was stuck between a towering mountain and a precipitous ridge during the resistance, he was helpless and felt hopelessness.</p> 
<p>Even Fang Yuan, a demonic head with an iron will, felt a strong sense of dejection growing in his heart at this point.</p> 
<p>If he allowed the situation to develop like this, eventually, when Giant Sun's will successfully expands, he would regain control of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. By then, Fang Yuan and the others would be dead meat.</p> 
<p>He had to do something!</p> 
<p>Despite this, Fang Yuan had already been too deeply involved in this supreme true inheritance, he could not do anything else.</p> 
<p>His greatest battle strength now was the flying bear phantom Gu, but it was already in use.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a temporary ally that he obtained through swindling, but similarly to Fang Yuan, he was already here engaging with Giant Sun's will, he could not do anything else.</p> 
<p>It could be said that other than the Spring Autumn Cicada, Fang Yuan had used all of his trump cards.</p> 
<p>"Don't tell me, I really have to use the Spring Autumn Cicada this time?" A thought flashed in Fang Yuan's mind.</p> 
<p>But immediately after, he rejected it.</p> 
<p>"Spring Autumn Cicada is not an Immortal Gu that has a guaranteed success rate, I could fail. The black death bad luck on me right now is so thick. Once I self-detonate, my remaining consciousness would enter the Spring Autumn Cicada and travel upstream in the river of time, everything points to disaster! The chances of survival are extremely slim."</p> 
<p>How could he resolve this situation?</p> 
<p>"Sigh... Fang Yuan, we have no hope of success, let's retreat! Using Fixed Immortal Travel, we can return to your blessed land." Tai Bai Yun Sheng suggested.</p> 
<p>Should he really retreat?</p> 
<p>At this point, if he gave in, Giant Sun's will would immediately regain control of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. By then, through his obstruction, would fixed immortal travel Gu still activate successfully?</p> 
<p>Even if he succeeded, would this satisfy him?</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was not satisfied!</p> 
<p>He had planned this for so long, he racked his brains in scheming, victory was almost in sight, an immense fortune and benefit was right before him, he was just one step away!</p> 
<p>Just one tiny step!!</p> 
<p>"I am really unresigned ... Wait!" Fang Yuan's expression changed, he thought of Ma Hong Yun.</p> 
<p>"I have no trump cards, but I can make use of this chess piece." Inspiration flashed in his mind, Fang Yuan was no longer hesitant, he flapped his wings and flew up with the supreme true inheritance.</p> 
<p>"Where are we going?" Tai Bai Yun Sheng asked quickly.</p> 
<p>"Just follow me." Fang Yuan replied curtly.</p> 
<p>Fixed immortal travel Gu was in his possession and was refined by him, even if Tai Bai Yun Sheng wanted to retreat, without Fang Yuan's cooperation, he could not escape.</p> 
<p>"Don't think of running away!" The river-like Giant Sun's will growled, splitting up and then forming back into one entity again, while passing the flying bear phantom and charging towards Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>Flying bear phantom reacted quickly, it followed after them.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan snickered, changing his direction. After moving in many directions, the flying bear phantom returned to Fang Yuan's side.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan fled while battling, as the two sides fought and stopped many times. Sometimes, the river-like Giant Sun's will was in front, sometimes, Fang Yuan took detours, using the flying bear phantom to fight back.</p> 
<p>The road was filled with shocks but no real danger.</p> 
<p>Although there were true inheritances of all sizes flying around chaotically, because of the supreme true inheritance's aura, none got close.</p> 
<p>Using the flying bear phantom as a shield, the river-like Giant Sun's will could not stop Fang Yuan's movement, he could only slow him down.</p> 
<p>But Fang Yuan's circumstances were the same.</p> 
<p>He and Tai Bai Yun Sheng could not do anything to the portion of Giant Sun's will that was refining Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. In the contest of wills, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were heavily suppressed, the golden light was expanding steadily, the two were bound to lose eventually.</p> 
<p>"So you are here!" When Fang Yuan saw the luck path true inheritance in his vision, he laughed loudly.</p> 
<p>"What are you trying to do?" The river-like Giant Sun's will felt something amiss, he screamed out in panic.</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked at Fang Yuan with similar confusion.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan laughed heartily: "Tell me, what will happen when two supreme true inheritances collide?"</p> 
<p>The color on Tai Bai Yun Sheng's face changed, Fang Yuan's insanity made his heart jump.</p> 
<p>But thinking about it, he realized: This was an amazing and brilliant plan!</p> 
<p>He and Fang Yuan were unable to turn back now. The true inheritance light lump in their hands was extremely troublesome, if they let go of it, they would die, but if they did not, they would die sooner or later.</p> 
<p>But if the two supreme true inheritances collided, the results would be unthinkable.</p> 
<p>The consequences were so severe even Giant Sun's will lost his composure!</p> 
<p>"You, don't come over!" Ma Hong Yun shouted.</p> 
<p>Zhao Lian Yun was tightly held in his arms.</p> 
<p>But on this stage, the two of them were simply the weakest. If not for their extreme luck, they would have been ground to dust long ago during the intense battles.</p> 
<p>Under the influence of luck and coincidences, the luck path supreme true inheritance became their guardian angel, but it had been pushed into the true inheritance secluded domain.</p> 
<p>After entering the true inheritance secluded domain, the threat of the luck path true inheritance hit rock bottom, it was almost a guaranteed success for Giant Sun's will to deal with the otherworldly demon.</p> 
<p>If not for Giant Sun's will being careful about protecting the luck path true inheritance, and being forced to deal with Fang Yuan at every step, thus unable to leave, he would have dealt with Ma and Zhao long ago.</p> 
<p>Ma Hong Yun was safe and sound here, in a way, it was all thanks to Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.</p> 
<p>But now, Fang Yuan was dragging the supreme true inheritance and rushed here on his own.</p> 
<p>"He, what is he trying to do?!" Zhao Lian Yun's body was shuddering, through the translucent barrier, she was frantic and could see Fang Yuan's cold smile.</p> 
<p>"No, you cannot do this! Quickly stop, stop it!!" The river-like Giant Sun's will was shouting insanely from behind him.</p> 
<p>He was anxious!</p> 
<p>Once these two supreme true inheritances collide, they would definitely suffer great damage together.</p> 
<p>By that time, not only would the last remaining luck path true inheritance get damaged or even destroyed, even Eighty-Eight True Yang Building would suffer immense damage that would be hard to imagine.</p> 
<p>The river-like Giant Sun's will underwent intense thoughts, all of the thoughts that formed its will started self-detonating.</p> 
<p>The golden sand-like will in the shape of a river burst out with an eye piercing light, his battle strength surged by at least half.</p> 
<p>The flying bear phantom growled angrily, but was suppressed thoroughly.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's brows were tightly locked, the situation was very dangerous, he had to put a portion of his concentration on the flying bear phantom, manipulating it to battle personally.</p> 
<p>Five hundred years of battle experience was nothing to be scoffed at!</p> 
<p>Under his manipulation, the flying bear phantom moved more agilely, it ignored the injuries on it and blocked the river-like Giant Sun's will completely in the end.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, you are courting death! You want to deal with Ma Hong Yun, but do not forget the overwhelming power of fortune rivaling heaven Gu that he has! As long as you carry ill intent towards him, your luck will decrease drastically, even if you have half immortal battle strength, and are able to resist it temporarily, how long can you last?" The river-like Giant Sun's will saw that he could not break through and started shouting.</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, Giant Sun's will is absolutely right, you need to be very careful!" Mo Yao's will also said.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan snorted, without a bit of hesitation in his heart.</p> 
<p>Seeking fortune amidst danger, to Fang Yuan, only by emerging victorious amidst chaos could he have a chance of survival.</p> 
<p>Seeing that the two supreme true inheritances were less than a thousand steps away from each other, at this moment, there were ripples in the air, as dozens of figures were transported into the true inheritance secluded domain.</p> 
<p>They appeared ahead of Fang Yuan's flying route, they were almost all familiar faces.</p> 
<p>Ye Lui Sang, Gu Guo Long, Bian Si Xuan...</p> 
<p>The leader was a brawny and muscular man, with hammer-like fists, he laughed ruthlessly towards Fang Yuan: "So you are called Fang Yuan! Old Ancestor Giant Sun has already exposed both of your crimes. Your schemes have been exposed, it is all over, your lives will be finished here!"</p> 
<p>Who else was it but Hei Lou Lan?</p> 
<p>Tai Bai Yun Sheng's expression changed abruptly, he could not free himself now as he was using all his strength to resist Giant Sun's will who was refining the supreme true inheritance.</p> 
<p>The appearance of Hei Lou Lan and the others was simply too devastating.</p> 
<p>At the final juncture, this was akin to a fatal blow!</p> 
<p>"Hahaha!" The river-like Giant Sun's will laughed loudly behind them: "You are all just in time!"</p> 
<p>He praised Hei Lou Lan and the others fervently.</p> 
<p>This was definitely the act of the main will who took some time to inform and mobilize this bunch of reinforcements.</p> 
<p>If this was during normal times, Hei Lou Lan and the others contained battle strength that was insignificant in Giant Sun's will's eyes. But at this time and place, they became a life-saving chess piece, they were the best bet in toppling the balance between the two sides!</p> 
<p>"Fang Yuan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, you are all dead meat!" The river-like Giant Sun's will growled, slowing down and attacking.</p> 
<p>The initiative was grasped by Giant Sun's will's side once again.</p> 
<p>"We lost!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng heaved a long sigh, turning over to look at Fang Yuan, mustering his spirit: "Junior brother, enter my aperture, we will retreat! I have immortal essence, and you have Fixed Immortal Travel, now that Giant Sun's will is being troubled by the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, we have to retreat now before it is too late!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan however, shook his head: "It is already too late! Once we let go, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building will fall into the control of Giant Sun's will. This building has the ability to suck in Immortal Gu, and the range extends to the whole of northern plains, even if we use Fixed Immortal Travel, there is a high chance of failing in the end."</p> 
<p>"Of course I know this." Tai Bai Yun Sheng's tone was anxious: "But we can only take a risk, in order to fight for that slim chance of success. If we delay any longer and lose this last opportunity, we would not even have this slim chance of success left!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's gaze was flickering in hesitation, he looked at the supreme true inheritance in his hand once again.</p> 
<p>In the true inheritance light lump, the golden dazzling light had occupied a third of the light lump's capacity, and was expanding at an increasing speed.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan breathed in deeply: "I did not think that we will still get to this point. Sigh, if not for the circumstances, I would not want to do this!"</p> 
<p>"Junior brother, you still have a method left?" Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard this and was shocked, overjoyed, and suspicious.</p>
    </body>
</html>
