<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <title>Chapter 560: Crucial problem</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Chapter 560: Crucial problem</h1>
        
        <p>Fang Yuan had just taken a step past the guest halt stele and a pleasant surprise welcomed him.</p> 
<p>A borrow strength Gu appeared in front of him.</p> 
<p>This was a rank five strength path Gu, it was almost completely extinct and was even more rare than all-out effort Gu. It could not be used by itself, but instead had to be used together with other Gu worms.</p> 
<p>When matched with sky strength Gu, it could allow the Gu Master to borrow the strength of the sky. When matched with earth strength Gu, the Gu Master could borrow the strength of the earth. With fire strength Gu, it allowed the Gu Master to borrow strength from fire. With water strength Gu, the Gu Master could take gain strength from water flow.</p> 
<p>"My killer move four arm wind king uses wind overlord Gu and tyrant strength Gu. The combination of these two Gu was a substitute for borrow strength Gu, but their effects are not even fifty percent of borrow strength Gu. With this borrow strength Gu, I can raise my killer move to a whole new level!" Fang Yuan was truly happy.</p> 
<p>Of course, borrow strength Gu still needed to be matched with other Gu worms.</p> 
<p>By now, sky strength Gu was already extinct. But earth strength Gu, fire strength Gu, water strength Gu, wind strength Gu and so on were still widely circulated.</p> 
<p>However, the usage of these Gu worms had already side-tracked from their original use.</p> 
<p>Earth strength Gu was now frequently used to raise the fertility of the soil to help the Gu Masters in agriculture, or was used together with wood path Gu.</p> 
<p>Fire strength Gu was used by some fire path Gu Masters as a support Gu that could slightly increase the strength of fire path Gu worms. Water strength, wind strength, lightning strength and so on were also used similar.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan approached the crystal wall and took out close to ten spring egg Gu to exchange for the borrow strength Gu.</p> 
<p>Past the guest halt stele, he could only exchange for the treasures he wanted.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan continued to walk forward.</p> 
<p>The treasures in the crystal wall here were clearly a level or two higher than before.</p> 
<p>Meteor rain Gu, star lightning speed Gu, wind fog hair Gu, stellar fire prairie Gu, water curtain skyflower Gu...</p> 
<p>Rank five Gu which were extremely rare in the outside world could be seen everywhere here. Instead, it was rank four Gu that were very rare in here. But any rank four Gu that appeared here were bound to be very rare and precious among the rank four Gu, their value and strength comparable to common rank five Gu.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's gaze swept through the treasures, the blood flame light covering him was wearing down non-stop.</p> 
<p>This blood flame light was a barrier protecting him. Once it completely disappeared, he would be detected by Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and be eradicated instantly.</p> 
<p>"Before this protection disappears, I need to find that owner token!"</p> 
<p>As time passed, Fang Yuan gradually started to feel anxious.</p> 
<p>These Gu he used to disguise his identity and deceive Eighty-Eight True Yang Building were not easy to refine, moreover the costs in refining them were considerable. One of the main material was a thousand jin of Huang Jin family blood which required ninety-eight long steps of purification.</p> 
<p>Now, Imperial Court contest had already ended; it was even more difficult for Fang Yuan to get these blood in large amounts.</p> 
<p>What was even worse was a fork actually appeared in this long crystal corridor!</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan could not help stopping to think about it carefully.</p> 
<p>Which path was the one he needed to take?</p> 
<p>At this moment, the image of the central continent Gu Immortals attacking Imperial Court blessed land in the previous life became a great help to Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>He chose the left path and moved rapidly through it.</p> 
<p>Here, the treasures that appeared in the crystal wall were of a level higher in their worth. There were only rank five Gu with no more rank four Gu to be found, and at the same time, there were rare rank five Gu as well.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan quickly walked forward while sweeping his gaze over the treasures, suddenly his gaze stopped: "Found it!"</p> 
<p>An owner token was sealed in the crystal wall, just at the knee height of Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>This owner token was the doing of central continent Gu Immortals.</p> 
<p>A tall tree attracts the wind; Imperial Court blessed land had existed tall till now which had already attracted the attention of Gu Immortals of all regions. Central continent Gu Immortals had begun their plan hundreds of years ago.</p> 
<p>The owner token was generally held by the alliance leader and would self-destruct once it left Imperial Court blessed land.</p> 
<p>Close to a millennium ago, central continent Gu Immortals spent a lot of effort to scheme from the dark, not only did they bribe that time's alliance leader, it is rumored that they also used an Immortal Gu.</p> 
<p>Using the power of the Immortal Gu, they tampered with the owner token which then hid inside Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, becoming a key for the future, waiting for the opportunity to use it.</p> 
<p>In Fang Yuan's past life, central continent Gu Immortals first started the five regions battle and were able to create the opportunity not long after, finally breaching Imperial Court blessed land.</p> 
<p>Imperial Court blessed land was an arrangement set by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, breaching this place was much more difficult than breaching other blessed lands.</p> 
<p>But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had already passed away while central continent Gu Immortals had painstakingly brewed their scheme for close to a millennium, achieving some success in the end.</p> 
<p>However, in this life, this owner token landed in Fang Yuan's hand.</p> 
<p>The process of exchanging for this owner token was extremely smooth. But it would not be easy to make the token usable for him.</p> 
<p>This was the final, crucial step.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's expression turned solemn as he sat cross-legged on the ground and concentrated.</p> 
<p>Gu worms after Gu worms moved at his will and struck the owner token non-stop.</p> 
<p><em>Ding ding ding...</em></p> 
<p>A pleasant music sounded from the collision, and the owner token gradually floated into the air. Every strike would create a layer of halo over the owner token.</p> 
<p>When it was covered with thirty-eight halo, the dull color on its surface suddenly dispersed and revealed the words - 'owner token'.</p> 
<p>The halo then started to burst like air bubbles.</p> 
<p>The owner token lost its buoyancy and fell down, and was immediately caught by Fang Yuan.</p> 
<p>He quickly bit his finger and let the blood drip onto the owner token.</p> 
<p>The moment his blood seeped into the owner token, the metallic token suddenly became a translucent glass. Fang Yuan had seen Hei Lou Lan's owner token and was able to immediately be aware that there was a great difference between his token and the original owner token.</p> 
<p>"The methods I used just now was in reference to my past life's video, awakening the true appearance of this owner token. It seems this is very possibly the strength of an Immortal Gu and also, only Immortal Gu can tamper with owner token while avoiding the detection of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building." Fang Yuan looked at the glass owner token and sank into contemplation.</p> 
<p>After a dozen or so breaths, the blood flame light covering him thoroughly dispersed.</p> 
<p>The world seemed to have gone mute at this moment as Fang Yuan could clearly hear his heartbeats.</p> 
<p>"Safe and sound." The sound of his heartbeats gradually disappeared, Fang Yuan slowly stood up and let out a breath of turbid air.</p> 
<p>"Success." He mumbled while clenching his left fist in excitement, but he found his voice was somewhat hoarse. At the same time, his whole body was soaked with sweat and he felt some dizziness.</p> 
<p>Truly activating this owner token and making it recognize him was not easy at all. It was even more difficult than refining a rank five Gu.</p> 
<p>If there was even a slight mistake, it might have very well been impossible to reprieve.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan endured the enormous mental pressure and finally succeeded.</p> 
<p>"Now, as long as I hold the glass owner token, I can freely enter the treasure room. There is no need for any high grade evaluation!"</p> 
<p>Holding the owner token was equivalent to being in control of a small part of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan tested the owner token and almost instantly, Hei Lou Lan's group's figures appeared in his mind.</p> 
<p>After crossing the fifty-fourth round, they had already charged to sixty-first round. Right now, they were having a fierce fight with a golden-white tiger phantom.</p> 
<p>A true golden-white tiger was a desolate beast level existence.</p> 
<p>The golden-white tiger phantom possessed the aura of a desolate beast and was pressing down Hei Lou Lan's group.</p> 
<p>Hei Lou Lan had numbers on his side, but their defeat was imminent.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan looked closely for a while and inwardly commented: 'If there is no accident, Hei Lou Lan and his group will only be able to last for less than forty-five minutes, before they have to retreat. I don't have a lot of time!"</p> 
<p>Although Fang Yuan entered the treasure room, as long as the possessor of the owner token walked out of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, he would also have to leave.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan might have the glass owner token now, and could stay or leave according to his will. But it was not good to expose it at present.</p> 
<p>"Just the glass owner token is still far from enough. I still need to find that loophole and completely blow it up; this will create a great hole in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and I will then be able to freely take away the treasures in the crystal wall."</p> 
<p>The glass owner token shook slightly, and the next moment, Fang Yuan disappeared on the spot.</p> 
<p>"This should be the central control room!"</p> 
<p>When Fang Yuan opened his eyes, he had arrived at a secret room.</p> 
<p>The secret room was round with its walls flickering with starlight, and a white jade round table on the center. There was an exquisite model of the whole Imperial Court blessed land on the round table, just like a military sand table.</p> 
<p>Not only did it depict mountains and rivers and the sacred palace at the center, even the small towers in the blessed land were clearly visible.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan sent out a Gu worm which flew to air and turned into black smoke that fell down to the sand table.</p> 
<p>The sand table was contaminated by the black smoke and rapidly turned into black color.</p> 
<p>The black color gradually condensed, forming into a large patch of sticky liquid that slowly flowed on the sand table.</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan looked at a spot where the black liquid had formed a funnel shape and as if there was a hole below, the surrounding black liquid was slowly entering it.</p> 
<p>"Found it, this is that hole! Now, I just need to enlarge this hole and refine the glass owner token into a one-edge owner token. With a one-edge owner token, I can even control a floor of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building at will! Eh?"</p> 
<p>Right at this time, Fang Yuan's movements paused as his eyes rigidly stared at the hole on the sand table.</p> 
<p>The whole sand table was covered by the thick black oil like sticky liquid, thus Fang Yuan had not been able to see immediately. But now that he had looked for a while, he suddenly discovered this hole was none other than Di Qiu inheritance site!</p> 
<p>"What is going on here? Could it be Di Qiu inheritance is also a concealed move set up by central continent Gu Immortals before like the glass owner token?!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan was shocked.</p> 
<p>But he quickly calmed down and became aware of the shortcomings to this assumption.</p> 
<p>"No, wrong. If this was a concealed move prepared to breach the blessed land, then how do I explain that cipher and the clues from the grey-white stone slab? These clues are clearly the clues to the inheritance."</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's eyes flashed with bright light.</p> 
<p>Right now, the scene in his previous life could not give him any help.</p> 
<p>"Could it be that central continent Gu Immortals also discovered this inheritance, but they could not decipher the secret phrase and so are using the inheritance this way? No, this is wrong too. Thinking from their side, if they discovered this inheritance which very likely contained an Immortal Gu, they would definitely be moved. If that is so, then that means that they did not obtain any clues to the inheritance but only discovered this hole?"</p> 
<p>"Of course, there is also another possibility that they were not able to decipher the secret of the inheritance, but as breaching the blessed land was an important matter, they chose to break this hole in the end. But if so, Di Qiu inheritance would also be destroyed!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan thought of this and that, feeling the existence of these two probabilities. But he did not have conclusive evidence now so he could not confirm them.</p> 
<p>He hesitated.</p> 
<p>In case he used the methods in his previous life's scene and burst open this hole, then Di Qiu inheritance would definitely be destroyed.</p> 
<p>But if he did not do so and chose to preserve Di Qiu inheritance, his plans for Eighty-Eight True Yang Building would stop here.</p> 
<p>"Eighty-Eight True Yang Building's worth is much higher than Di Qiu inheritance. This is hopeless, I can only abandon Di Qiu inheritance. But the person who made this arrangement is really amazing, to actually be able to tamper with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable's arrangement... hmm? Wait a second!"</p> 
<p>Fang Yuan's mind suddenly shook as he thought of an extremely crucial problem!</p>
    </body>
</html>
